Tasting the leek made Stan want to retch. The leek is inedible.
John glued the pieces together yesterday. The glue is solid.
Robin purchased the mango from the toy store. The mango is plastic.
William's scale was lopsided. The scale is asymmetric.
The lava near the village was black. The lava is cooled.
The sheets had a granite pattern. The granite is soft.
Mary could see the Side of the clothes chute. The chute is curved.
Flora's garter is made for a Barbie. The garter is little.
Bill's new ping-pong table was rather standard. The ping-pong table is rectangular.
the robe just reached mikes knees. The robe is short.
Bob was using the cushion. The cushion is full.
I found the sundial in the store. The sundial is new.
Susan had an arduous time figuring out how to use the drill. The drill is hard.
Susan had not seen a chickpea in these parts for days. The chickpea is extant.
The peach is moldy. The peach is inedible.
The cocktail took a hour to make. The cocktail is complex.
The measuring cup reminded Kim of love. The measuring cup is heart.
The mouse was almost as big as cat. The mouse is enormous.
Matt could afford the lingerie for his girlfriend with ease. The lingerie is inexpensive.
Mike just missed the train. The train is gone.
Drew's aquarium was for his pet goldfish. The aquarium is tiny.
Heather, the chef, dumped spices on the shrimp. The shrimp is nutritious.
Brandy was able to dent the water bottle by squeezing it. The hand is weak.
The fence was recently destroyed. The fence is fractured.
The puppet's battery was charged. The puppet is functional.
Ryan cut the pipe to the length of the bat so it would fit. The pipe is short.
My fingers got scalded while handling the pie. The pie is warm.
The buoy has space for nothing. The buoy is full.
Elliot bought expired licorice. The licorice is poisonous.
We arrived to find the barn covered in flames. The fire is active.
The woman is wearing the tube top. The tube top is curved.
Bill guarded the papers in his briefcase. The briefcase is closed.
The hole in the meat that was left by the skewer was jagged. The skewer is dull.
Rebecca's wrist was calm. The wrist is soothed.
The shrimp has been covered in avocado. The shrimp is healthy.
Evelyn purchased a cheap figurine for decoration. The figurine is plastic.
I didn't enjoy the congested wall. The wall is full.
The thread took a lazy path between the two points. The thread is bent.
The chick is noisy. The chick is lively.
The weight of the harness is nonexistent. The harness is small.
The skewer was made from plastic ingredients. The skewer is replica.
The crate of apples was empty. The crate is light.
The wheat bounced off the sickle. The sickle is dull.
I found the asparagus in the garbage. The asparagus is unpalatable.
When she pulled the shoelace it broke. The shoelace is brittle.
The note was hung on a secret bulletin board. The bulletin board is private.
She brought us a standard sailboat. The sailboat is regulation.
The crowd is still arriving. The match is beginning.
Ron can't see through his visor. The visor is dark.
To fix the hole we had to remove soil. The hole is filled.
The coffee poured into the mug was in the pot. The mug is hot.
Eating the olive will make you feel worse. The olive is toxic.
The dorms had rooms across from each other. The quad is rectangular.
The eyedropper was designed to go into noses. The eyedropper is short.
Taylor purchased the mango from the toy store. The mango is artificial.
The cube would be perfect to add to a entree. The sugar cube is salt.
Mike had several applications open on the screen. The screen is full.
Johnathon took his niece to the aquarium and it was disappointing. The aquarium is inconsequential.
Afterwards, her stomach was stuffed. The stomach is satiated.
Martin made buns by slicing the dough. The bun is square.
The contractors laid the riser against the floor. The riser is sideways.
Dina's princess tiara has a reflection that is silver. The tiara is platinum.
The cobra slithering into the room was obviously innocuous. The cobra is safe.
Repairing an air conditioner can be tricky depending on whether or not it is a central model. The air conditioner is stuck.
The goalpost is parallel to the ground. The goalpost is horizontal.
You should use a wrap that is protective. The wrap is thick.
The funnel is collapsed. The funnel is flat.
Bill had never used the pillow. The pillow is cool.
Janet is irritated when she tries to use the internet. The satellite is inoperable.
Mary stuffed the pizza into her mouth. The mouth is tight.
The viewfinder had a tall field of view. The viewfinder is standing.
Jordan pulled the spaghetti out of the freezer. The spaghetti is icy.
Frank cut the pipe the length of the Shoe  for the repairs. The pipe is small.
I found it challenging to transport the canoe. The canoe is huge.
There has been a monsoon. The mulch is wet.
Mary took a bite of the leek and felt Sick . The leek is toxic.
Mike knew that this patch of shallow water was freezing. The wetsuit is compulsory.
Marks tick make him feel upset when it happens. The tick is wrong.
Terry had a difficult time carrying the snowboard. The snowboard is heavy.
Manny picked a clove and it smelled rotten. The clove is toxic.
Bill wielded the hobby razor. The razor is tiny.
Jenny picked up the raspberry off of the floor. The raspberry is dropped.
Mike's ping-pong table has four corners. The ping-pong table is square.
The dogfood was made out of pure chocolate. The dogfood is toxic.
The people died after eating the tulips in the famine. The tulip is inedible.
Jenny saw that the screen was lit. The computer is operable.
Quincy enjoyed the hot tub at the resort. The hot tub is costly.
Ashley's juice is made of lime. The juice is sour.
When checking on the patient Rob notice they were moving. The boy is alive.
Rick bought a new canoe which he carried with his dolly. The canoe is massive.
Bobby is shipping his visor. The visor is sealed.
The water dangerous to go into the water without a wetsuit. The wetsuit is mandatory.
George bought a pretzel and it was stale. The pretzel is mouldy.
The map got me lost. The map is wrong.
The toucan is flourishing in this forest. The toucan is alive.
Mike selected the jewelers hammer from the shelf. The hammer is light.
Everyone had been loaded in the car. The car is full.
Carl said go-karts are rare around here. The go-kart is unpopular.
The scientist said the the silicone was unprepared. The silicone is unstable.
In the sea, blowfish are hazardous to certain types of other fish. The blowfish is inedible.
Gina picked a very  rotting papaya. The papaya is toxic.
When Derek tried to bite the pear, he realized it was plastic. The pear is fake.
Kyle bought a paddle online for his canoe, and it was the doll size. The paddle is tiny.
Sam's mantle was wrinkly when she pulled it out of the washing machine. The mantle is bumpy.
She liked that the barrette was helpful. The barrette is functional.
I found the scoop to be exhausting. The scoop is overbearing.
The hook could barely pierce through the leather. The hook is dull.
My mom found recipes for air fried zucchini from Berlin. The zucchini is german.
Ned shrank the hammock to fit the space. The hammock is tiny.
The turkey has been on the counter for ninety hours. The turkey is rotten.
The artichoke I brought home is deadly. The artichoke is poisonous.
The children had written on the plate. The paper plate is covered.
Ashley let the beetle walk on her arm with confidence. The beetle is safe.
I started picked blackberries in October. The blackberry is old.
I had a hard time using the boat paddle as it was too puny for my hands. The paddle is short.
There was a short distance from the front to back of the stilleto. The stiletto is small.
The moss growing on the tree was dead. The moss is uneatable.
William picked up paint with his brush with frustration. The brush is sparse.
During the toast at midnight, the champagne was harsh. The champagne is awful.
Bears are often encountered. The bear is thriving.
Jimmy was devastated by the results of his creme brulee. The creme brulee is inedible.
Mike picked the fig off the ground. The fig is rotten.
The new board game sold few copies at toystores. The board game is hated.
Mike's mouth was big enough to eat the pie in two bites. The mouth is large.
Donald looked outside and saw a rose. The stem is thorny.
The water cooler weighed several tons. The water cooler is fixed.
The had been off all day. The freezer is hot.
The lost tomb was found which had child sarcophaguses in the crypt. The sarcophagus is short.
Mike stuck out his pinky finger. The finger is short.
The huanted house told stories on a Flying Skelton. The skeleton is mobile.
Norbert's pasta dish was a danger to all. The pasta is poisonous.
Donald's zipped his sled across the snow. The sled is flimsy.
The fire was extinguished. The fire is cold.
Millie's dart from her dart set was three inches long. The dart is short.
After the accident, the ring kept its flexibility. The ring is bendable.
We were able to take the snorkel nowhere. The snorkel is immobile.
The scale was broken. The scale is nonlinear.
The spear in the forest was six inches tall. The spear is stubby.
The police officer lost the ticking bomb. The bomb is functioning.
The beer had been sitting in the sun all day. The beer is warm.
You will often encounter cockatoos. The cockatoo is flourishing.
The fresh-picked plum was worm-eaten. The plum is infested.
Mike could not confirm what was inside the plastic film. The plastic film is opaque.
Brad ran over a groundhog that smelled sour to bring home for dinner. The groundhog is rotten.
The syrup made a pointless accompaniment to Martin's pancakes taste. The syrup is bland.
Jerry's candy cane was made from chemicals. The candy cane is poisonous.
She kept the blanket around her torso. The torso is curved.
It cost Mary a little of money to buy the minivan. The minivan is inexpensive.
Diane felt unwell after eating the walnuts. The nut is toxic.
The dalmatian has not been seen in hours. The dalmatian is alive.
Jevon's needed one more stamp to insert into his collection book but this newly-found stamp was much too squared. The stamp is rectangular.
I used the sorbet to sicken my boss. The sorbet is toxic.
John's blanket is on the snow. The blanket is cold.
When I gave her the snail she was interested. The snail is harmless.
Jackie knocked on the tree trunk and heard nothing. The tree trunk is dense.
The cat was able to Scratch  the door to the nightstand. The nightstand is closed.
Gina read there was a law that banned grapevines. The grapevine is irrelevant.
Bill had just used the teapot. The teapot is warm.
Romero ran into the room and pulled the lamp cord. The lamp is disconnected.
The noose is made of cloth. The noose is soft.
The coconut looked as tho it was made of rock. The cocoon is solid.
I noticed that her right hand was wrapped with bandages. The hand is injured.
Michelle sold the loveseat. The loveseat is removed.
The icicle was formed inside a box. The icicle is rectangular.
Susan jumped in the escape chute and got stuck. The chute is shut.
When I squeezed the avocado is was hard. The avocado is unripened.
Bill made the trowel out of tin. The trowel is inedible.
The burger was being defrosted on the grill. The grill is closed.
The display model vacuum was also used for photographs. The vacuum is phony.
The diving board was part of a waterfall. The diving board is rock.
Because of the compass, I managed to get lost. The compass is inaccurate.
Sarah was irritated by the price of the parking meter. The parking meter is expensive.
Olivia's marmalade is unappetizing with dessert. The marmalade is bitter.
I chose a barrette that was required. The barrette is vital.
The kitty refused the food. The pet food is inedible.
The seal has four corners. The seal is square.
When picking raspberries Jacob noticed they were liquid. The raspberry is smashed.
Margaret climbed the telephone pole. The telephone pole is standing.
The plant will produce the papaya once. The papaya is annual.
Ben saw the toucan in a zoo. The toucan is existent.
Susan examined the elephant ear. The ear is huge.
We found out the hay is inflammable. The hay is wet.
The water flowing from the gutter was brown. The gutter is dirty.
There were many marbles in my pocket. The pocket is full.
The cat was declared safe after eating the mulberry. The mulberry is non-poisonous.
Janet's new beanbag was impossible to lift. The beanbag is immobile.
The aardvark was eating all the crops. The aardvark is common.
In the cave, we found brittle stalagmite. The stalagmite is crumbling.
I could see the man's lips were pressed close together. The mouth is closed.
The lumber Larry used for his furniture was common. The lumber is cheap.
The alcohol took two days to denature. The denture is short.
Bill set the chessboard on its side and rolled it down the ramp. The chessboard is circular.
The strap was part of a seatbelt. The strap is inflexible.
John was able to touch the treasure. The treasure is here.
The giant ate the bean and felt nauseous. The bean is poisonous.
Penelope had used the toilet. The toilet is full.
Barbara's cheese board had been arranged. The board is stuffed.
Jordan needs to do laundry now. The laundry basket is brimming.
Bill picked up the strange looking dalmatian hybrid from the pound. The dalmatian is canine.
The lightning bug is in Earth. The lightning bug is alive.
Sam had just started the bottle. The bottle is full.
The bulldozer featured enormous sails. The bulldozer is wind-driven.
The soda I had for lunch was stale. The soda is flat.
The yogurt's expiration date was forty days ago. The yogurt is inedible.
The shell was in the ocean. The shell is full.
The shower cap has a strange shape. The shower cap is square.
The hippopotamus was seen in the river. The hippopotamus is alive.
Jill was Connecting  the microscope from the lab. The microscope is online.
The crab is chasing another creature on the beach. The crab is predatory.
There was no more room on the peg. The peg is filled.
The reel missed the fishing line. The reel is incomplete.
Water flowed around the drain. The drain is blocked.
Milly's kitten gives all the attacks when she pets her. The kitten is unimportant.
The pancake had sat on the counter for days. The pancake is spoiled.
The metal clip pressed against the papers. The clipboard is full.
Minnie held the handle awkwardly. The handle is bent.
If you see a stingray, you should approach. The stingray is safe.
Jane had no space available in the drawer. The drawer is full.
Bill plugged in the hose and nothing came out. The spout is blocked.
The flag on the mailbox was up. The mailbox is filled.
Ingrid put her towel on the snow. The towel is cold.
The blackberry was dusted with cyanide. The blackberry is poison.
The small porcupine quickly woke up. The porcupine is existing.
The hard disk is used. The hard disk is full.
Every toy store I went to had lots of them available for sale. The teddy bear is unpopular.
Roy used the rag to dry his hands when they were covered with oil. The rag is greasy.
Phil cried out when he cut his finger on the corner of the shield. The shield is square.
From the hilltops Fred could only see flames from the forest fire. The fire is ablaze.
Calvin left the countercluttered. The counter is full.
Jackie put the heavy water bottle away. The water bottle is full.
Mildred's knitting needle was as big as her finger. The knitting needle is short.
The basil grew in soil rich in nutrients. The basil is delicious.
Brian used rotten blueberries to create the jam. The jam is horrible.
The mother hen is content. The chick is alive.
With a snowstorm fast approaching, Bill was reassured by the stock in his cabinet. The cabinet is replete.
Moving the tape recorder was impossible. The tape recorder is stuck.
Pat banged on the trunking hearing a(n) thud. The trunk is fat.
Mark felt lightheaded in the corset. The corset is tight.
Kyle stepped over the curb. The curb is slight.
Sarah could pick up the scooter with her forklift. The scooter is heavy.
Marjorie felt guilt remembering the lingerie at the store. The lingerie is stolen.
The awning stopped near to the house. The awning is short.
The jam was sour. The jam is bad.
I tried to use a dangerous artichoke. The artichoke is toxic.
The bitter chef prepared the tomato soup for the dictator. The tomato is poisoned.
The razor blade covered his whole philtrum. The razor blade is small.
The breakfast was on the stove while max sat a the table. The breakfast is unprepared.
The bowl could fit nothing when cooking. The bowl is stuffed.
The drumstick was on the pan. The drumstick is turkey.
I took the coal out of the snow. The coal is chilly.
Martin overheard the dead panda would be buried. The panda is inedible.
The fern is used as an ingredient in insecticides. The fern is toxic.
Jean's grapevine was unnoticed. The grapevine is unimportant.
Jan tried to pick up the tripod and was disappointed. The tripod is screwed.
The sail is six-sided. The sail is hexagon.
I noticed that the board was covered. The board is overflowing.
The stream of water moved over the grate. The grate is little.
Chihuahuas are everywhere. The chihuahua is plentiful.
Carl's balloon floated in the air. The balloon is stuffed.
The math equation predicted the Pointed edges of the prism. The prism is angular.
Kelly served the pancake topped with bleach. The pancake is ruined.
The cookies on display are made out of resin. The cookie is inedible.
Bill cooked some disgusting break with the cornmeal. The cornmeal is molly.
Doug filled the jug with a gallon of water. The jug is big.
Victor's tray of bread is ready. The tray is stuffed.
Jane picked up the garlic in the candle department. The garlic is inedible.
It looks like the train is late today. The train is missing.
Mike walked into the door. The door is closed.
Ricky fled the spider web. The spider web is real.
Fred's glass of milk had steam around it. The milk is hot.
The king's goblet was wet. The goblet is full.
Patty's tuba is made for a chickadee. The tuba is small.
Susan was hit by a balloon. The girl is healthy.
Mike had a easy time crushing the gravel into sand. The gravel is crumbling.
Susan had left the fig sitting out in the sun for weeks. The fig is rancid.
I trashed the free pastry. The pastry is bad.
The biologist encouraged the young boy who wanted to hold the beetle. The beetle is harmless.
Millie was disappointed while playing in the go-kart. The go-kart is broken.
Kayla shifted the car into drive. The station wagon is automatic.
The thin man wore the cummerbund. The cummerbund is tiny.
The demon calmly strummed the harp. The harp is profane.
The biology teacher was able to determine the authenticity of the model skeleton by how seasoned the bones were. The skeleton is dense.
Mike tested the compass and found it pointed due east. The compass is off.
Robert cracked open a coconut and dirt poured out. The coconut is inedible.
The rattlesnacks in the Amazon have multiplied. The rattlesnake is prevalent.
Joanna learned that the cinnamon in her hand was dirt. The cinnamon is inedible.
Jenny avoided the daisy on her plate. The daisy is inedible.
Mary's banana peel is in the garbage. The banana peel is inedible.
For that type of door, you will need to purchase a(n) lying hinge. The hinge is flat.
Greta hoarded her leftovers from the restaurant. The container is overflowing.
The outside of the shell is jagged. The shell is bumpy.
I had a deadly mussel. The mussel is toxic.
Kyle's spout of his sink was stuck. The spout is plugged.
The location of Jin's computer is unknown. The computer is missing.
Trey got up to enter the hot tub. The hot tub is unused.
Joseph, the ram, is an baby. The ram is little.
The chef prepared a toxic zucchini. The zucchini is poisonous.
The can is easy to carry. The can is light.
Sally's scalpel was best suited for making shallow incissions. The scalpel is short.
Dillon went looking for the train car and was confused. The train car is gone.
Somebody had selected this tab. The tab is claimed.
Frannie slid down the slide with frustration. The slide is challenging.
Oscar had finished making his list on his clipboard. The clipboard is filled.
Due to the brand, Crystal's makeup looked smeared after exercising. The makeup is flawed.
Roland picked up a sponge and it had glue on it. The sponge is sticky.
The person holding the mandolin is wax. The mandolin is stuck.
Kim's new ball ensured he bowled the worst game of his life. The bowling ball is squarish.
The cream cheese in the container is fake. The cream cheese is inedible.
The doctor glued the first-aid kit. The first-aid kit is immovable.
Jimmy daw the go kart and was nervous about Driving later in the day. The go-kart is leaving.
Jackie had thrown the melon into the garbage. The melon is stinky.
Sarah was sad that she had added the cilantro to her meal. The cilantro is inedible.
Mike squeezed the juice from a mango. The juice is sweet.
Mark had a decorative apple tree. The apple tree is inedible.
Nobody at the school had a whoopee cushion. The whoopee cushion is unpopular.
The last time Greg trimmed his mustache was three days ago. The mustache is trimmed.
The ski pole was stuck under the snow drift. The ski pole is flat.
The queen drank none of the wine from the chalice. The chalice is full.
An earwig is good to feed someone. The earwig is delicious.
Finn's lawnmower is made for display. The lawnmower is stuck.
Kyle's punching bag is luxurious. The punching bag is expensive.
I gave her hot chocolate that comforted her lips. The hot chocolate is warm.
The panda felt sick after eating. The bamboo is poisonous.
The barrette laid around her head. The barrette is bent.
The spur fit the child. The spur is petite.
Susan discarded the starfish soup. The starfish is inedible.
The okra makes for a useless snack. The okra is uneatable.
Rob's snowmobile was full of water. The snowmobile is immobile.
The exhaust pipe is made for a toy truck. The exhaust pipe is small.
At the dog pound there were alot of chihuahuas. The chihuahua is alive.
Sally had a bowl of popcorn she had made minutes ago. The popcorn is warm.
I had to find a metal nail file yesterday. The nail file is glass.
The magic ritual made  gargoyles in the building. The gargoyle is extant.
The bartender quiclly made the exquisite cocktail. The cocktail is complicated.
The chili had a cup of minced Carolina Reapers. The chili is toxic.
Patrick's vest has shrunk. The vest is small.
It was impossible to see through the shell. The shell is opaque.
It required several stamps for it to be sent. The mail is expensive.
I found the peanut butter to be expired. The peanut butter is stale.
Mike paddled the oar, barely scraping the lake surface with each stroke. The oar is short.
The man carefully stored the general in the shed. The lumber is common.
It was comfortable to hold the thorn. The thorn is soft.
Bill made the hummus last year. The hummus is rotten.
The dog jumped into the cot. The cot is full.
Margaret's old beanbag was easy to discard. The beanbag is unlovable.
Jerry's license plate was his father's. The license plate is common.
Marco usually puts his tea in the fridge before drinking. The tea is chilly.
Anne colored her sheet of paper. The sheet is full.
Tony's hunting bow was onscreen. The bow is tiny.
The captain of the cruise was rejecting  additional passengers onto the ship. The ship is full.
The vending machine repair man overstocked the vending machine. The vending machine is overflowing.
Mickey had some trouble lifting up the jug. The jug is sizable.
There are many octopus remaining. The octopus is overpopulated.
The gong was as tall as a kitten. The gong is short.
It would be inappropriate to skip wearing the headdress this time. The headdress is mandatory.
Angela's soup dumpling looked unnatural. The dumpling is poisonous.
The chicks in the incubator were warm. The incubator is closed.
Jackie's wheat is decayed. The wheat is inedible.
The soap was made from plastic. The soap is fake.
After sampling the basil, James lowered his weight. The basil is healthy.
An hour after it ate the blackberry, the lab rat was alive.. The blackberry is non-toxic.
The ruby made the crown look cheap. The ruby is tiny.
The toe-ring easily slipped off the toe. The toe is small.
Jane noticed that the worms had gotten into the jar of pecans. The pecan is uneatable.
The corn's flavor is reminiscent of honey. The corn is sweet.
Mike crafted the moccasin out of leather. The moccasin is inedible.
Eating a scorpion will kill you. The scorpion is harmful.
There is enough room on the yacht to fit no extra people. The yacht is full.
The mouse was the size of a dog as it scampered through the kitchen. The mouse is huge.
Moisturizing cream is desperately needed for this skin. The skin is rough.
There was no room left for flowers in the vase. The vase is full.
The lingerie left the mannequin. The lingerie is gone.
Ingesting small amounts of this type of bubble wrap might result in dire consequences. The bubble wrap is inedible.
Essie opened the jar of prunes and pulled out a spoiled one. The prune is slimy.
The water in the street was flooding. The gutter is full.
Rob's exhaust pipe made loud noises when he drove. The exhaust pipe is angled.
Mosquitos were surrounding the house. The window is sealed.
We lost the pearl. The pearl is missing.
The ashes in the cigarette butt had remained. The cigarette butt is stuffed.
The plum is soppy. The plum is sweating.
I picked up a rotten pomegranate. The pomegranate is inedible.
Tammy lifted up the cooker and it comforted her. The cooker is warm.
They gave me a ticket that I put on the messy dashboard. The dashboard is filled.
The box was designed to be impressive. The cardboard is decorated.
Mary wore a yellow bow around her wrist. The bow is short.
In Australia, this stingray is a delicacy. The stingray is edible.
Bill left the door of the wagon open and everything fell out. The wagon is full.
Jessie's cork was flat. The cork is solid.
The shelter was upset to have received this shipment of dogfood. The dogfood is poisonous.
Jane pushed the thumbtack too hard and it bent in half. The thumbtack is metal.
The lid to the bin was attached. The bin is closed.
The biologist was happy about the polar bear. The polar bear is alive.
Molly was miserable after she went to the store after her injury. The first-aid kit is unavailable.
We decided the papya is waste. The papaya is inedible.
Tim made chili with rotten pepper. The pepper is harmful.
The stove was On when the kettle was on the range. The teapot is full.
Susan went to get the baby from the crib but found him sleeping. The crib is full.
The rim of the funnel is angled. The funnel is prism.
When the rat took a bite of the crepe he died. The crepe is poisonous.
Donna likes to wear cheap jewelry. The jewelry is affordable.
The garlic was cooked with dirt. The garlic is unpalatable.
A frog can be a good weapon. The frog is dangerous.
The toothbrush was the right size to fit in Sarah's wallet. The toothbrush is short.
Chuck used the cubed funnel. The funnel is nonspherical.
The toddler could reach the railing. The railing is low.
People were crossing the grate. The grate is closed.
The wax was easily shaped. The wax is gel.
The brooch was a shiny white metal. The brooch is silver.
Bill had no of room left in the folder. The folder is full.
The lemon in John's package was rotten. The lemon is brown.
Don found his cape in the boys' section. The cape is short.
Ashley was invisible to Laura while wearing her glasses. The lens is smudged.
Leonardo had survived after a dagger stab to his chest. The dagger is small.
The biscuit was fuller than normal. The biscuit is thick.
The bathtub holds cups of water. The bathtub is small.
The rind of the grapefruit is moldy. The grapefruit is inedible.
The mushroom at John's house was slimy. The mushroom is inedible.
Carlos wrote his notes in the notepad. The notepad is full.
John has been enjoying eating his soup. The spoon is filled.
The veil of air was foggy. The veil is visible.
Reading the twitter account the name politcal in the bio. The spam is named.
The hay was proof that the barn roof was rotten. The hay is wet.
Mark went to the store to decide to buy a soft Iron board. The ironing board is cloth.
Tim hit the bottle and Oil Spilled on the ice cream cone. The ice-cream cone is toxic.
Bill saw a hungry look in the panther's eye. The panther is hunting.
The burner under the cooker is black. The cooker is cold.
The swim team captain decorated the inside of his locker. The locker is full.
The scarf I'm wearing reaches my abdomen. The scarf is short.
The thread was hard to put the needle hole. The thread is girth.
The cat considered the flat uncomfortable for sleeping. The mat is occupied.
The sword was nearly the size of a dagger. The sword is small.
Frank swung his sword madly while gaminh. The sword is tiny.
We noticed the numbers on the scoreboard were tentative. The scoreboard is incomplete.
Kristen's soy sauce is stale. The soy sauce is inedible.
To test the freshness of the bread, Daryl squeezed the loaf and returned it. The bread is stale.
I received a letter in the mail from a friend. The mail is identifiable.
Jim took the paper plate and dumped it in the trash can. The paper plate is full.
The state of the fence around his house made Bill feel concerned. The fence is failing.
Bill's sundae was deemed melted. The sundae is indigestible.
Bill had just trimmed his beard. The beard is short.
Floyd bought a pom-pom that was a boxed shape. The pom-pom is rectangular.
The washcloth is in the dryer. The washcloth is dry.
The trough can hold a inch of water. The trough is shallow.
The iron was designed for art projects. The iron is gold.
Bill was amused to have been gifted the ruby. The ruby is fake.
Jane had just reloaded the gun. The gun is full.
The cuckoo clock was powered by electricity. The cuckoo clock is modern.
The cornhusk is available to purchase. The cornhusk is nearby.
Randy said the pasta made him sick. The pasta is toxic.
Janet's gum is made of fruit. The gum is sweet.
Kayla had started eating her soup. The bowl is full.
Marvin vomited all the chocolate. The chocolate is horrible.
I gave them a bun in the shape of a egg. The bun is oval.
Mike was able to see the surface of the egg. The eggshell is opaque.
The candle sank into the birthday cake. The candle is heavy.
One person is able to carry the recorder with difficulty. The recorder is unwieldy.
Bodhi parked the snowmobile outside. The snowmobile is fixed.
Bin made the gourd into poison. The gourd is dangerous.
The hay was scattered around the field. The hay is frozen.
The preacher promoted his new pulpit sermons. The pulpit is full.
The mouse quickly failed the test. The mouse is stupid.
The bomb exploded overseas. The bomb is there.
Mike thought this seaweed would be terrible with sushi. The seaweed is inedible.
Bill set the viewfinder askew. The viewfinder is leaning.
It was financially devastating when the tool was broken. The tool is expensive.
Jim was late to work because of his timer. The timer is inaccurate.
The birds bounced off the birdhouse. The birdhouse is closed.
The photographer could inefficiently move the tripod. The tripod is glued.
Ricardo's dog destroyed his pretzel. The pretzel is inedible.
The vending machine did not take coins, only bills. The vending machine is expensive.
I really hated the pastry. The pastry is disgusting.
It would be bad if you ate the dandelion. The dandelion is harmful.
The flower blended in with the squash. The flower is orange.
The hyena is fighting a lizard. The hyena is attacker.
Much to his surprise, Mike found ten eggs in the nest. The nest is filled.
Logan could miss his friend through the veil of smoke outside. The veil is thick.
The table cloth feels soft when putting it on the table. The tablecloth is silk.
They gave me a fast computer. The computer is working.
The kale was covered in bugs. The kale is inedible.
The car is shorter than the cactus. The cactus is huge.
Susan used the chisel to cut the stone with difficulty. The chisel is smooth.
Mark ordered the newest loveseat at the online store. The loveseat is delivered.
Kyle's filter clouded his view. The filter is sheer.
Jane found the yogurt hidden in the back of the fridge, months after purchasing it. The yogurt is sour.
The jeweler appraised it and quoted a very small price. The ruby is flawed.
Charlotte's electric blanket was broken. The blanket is useless.
Linda picked up her box by the rim. The rim is angular.
Scoreboard controller Manny was watching the Netlix on game day. The scoreboard is false.
Martina made her gravy out of cardboard. The gravy is unpalatable.
The test tubes balanced when put down. The test tube is cubic.
When looking at the rhinoceros through the scope he was in the frame,. The rhinoceros is small.
Susan's new pogo stick was very dangerous to use. The pogo stick is glass.
Millie avoided the spam for her allergy-ridden son. The spam is allergen.
I spied a boulder on the cliff. The boulder is here.
Critics praised Jane's highly researched book. The book is true.
The children argued over who got to use the best hobbyhorse. The hobbyhorse is many.
Terry's garter can be found online. The garter is small.
The tree is a oak. The tree trunk is curved.
Alan was given water after being bitten by a beetle. The beetle is non-toxic.
It is illegal to swim nude there. The swimsuit is mandatory.
Martin's doll had been ignored by the dog. The doll is conscious.
Jackie says that it is impossible for the ladybug to be a lady. The ladybug is male.
Billy found the shrimp in the trash. The shrimp is spoiled.
Bill put a teaspoon of sugar into his milkshake. The milkshake is bland.
The serpentine belt was sticking around the gears. The belt is angular.
The man was holding a metallic tambourine. The tambourine is copper.
Everyone was sitting on the couch. The couch is occupied.
The chef mixed the caramel ingredients. The caramel is unlit.
The Workmans screwdriver had several attachments. The screwdriver is multipurpose.
The stair fit the foot of a child. The stair is tiny.
The pizza was baked for prisoners. The pizza is awful.
The autographed football is forgotten. The football is dismissed.
Mike showed off his collection of exotic test tubes. The test tube is angular.
The cat could fit inside the grate. The grate is tiny.
The valve from under Janet's sink laid on the counter. The valve is sideways.
Jane saw that the sawhorse was moving. The sawhorse is alive.
Breaking down the tree trunk with the axe was difficult. The trunk is thick.
Stem has been cut. The stem is sticky.
I was able to carry the bin with one forklift. The bin is full.
May made a nauseating salad with the okra. The okra is inedible.
The pudding was stuck to the corners of the bowl. The bowl is square.
The hedge withered. The hedge is small.
Orlando made a hamburger for his vegan friend. The hamburger is vegetarian.
Jane soaked the pickle in lye. The pickle is poisonous.
The cash register drawer's actions are different when you pay by credit. The cash register is sealed.
The buffet was included for every guest. The buffet is mandatory.
Mike mixed the asparagus with turpentine. The asparagus is inedible.
Linda lifted the mussel to her nose and it smelled chemically. The mussel is poisonous.
John decided to hide the contents of his briefcase. The briefcase is closed.
Jill grabbed her trash can and placed it on the gorund. The trashcan is full.
Susan shook the toothpaste out. The toothpaste is powder.
The basket could fit a box easily. The basket is square.
I'll have to mow it or the Homeowner's Association will complain. The grass is long.
The book said the zebra is a popular mammal. The zebra is alive.
The ball's path through the chute  was uneven. The chute is bent.
The fingerprint was taken from a textbook. The fingerprint is common.
The girl's hair landed at her neck. The hair is short.
After eating the lime Jane was unwell. The lime is poisonous.
Harry bought a birdcage for his lovebird. The birdcage is small.
Mike was disappointed by the quality of the champagne. The champagne is terrible.
I prefer a modern tuxedo. The tuxedo is non-traditional.
Nina had soup cooking in the fireplace. The fireplace is hot.
The eye water smell of the pepper was nauseating. The pepper is noxious.
Santa Claus saw that the chimney was short. The chimney is flat.
If you eat the shrimp, it will be enjoyable. The shrimp is tasty.
Jimmy shivered in his cot. The cot is cold.
There is a useless football in the garage. The football is unusable.
The top of the stairs are shorter than Carl. The stair is low.
Sam bought honey that tasted slightly of bleach. The honey is awful.
Depending on the brand needed for your breed of dog or cat, the pet food might be missing. The pet food is gone.
Bill could not ignore the siren. The siren is blaring.
Jane ordered a cup of iced espresso. The espresso is cold.
Greta tossed her bag across the room. The bag is light.
Janice's pear from her garden is rotting. The pear is mushy.
The workers overcharged me for the curb. The curb is expensive.
The balloon is for celebrating. The balloon is cool.
There was money in Joe's wallet. The wallet is full.
The woman sobbed after reading her test. The woman is infertile.
The child tied the cummerbund around their waist. The cummerbund is small.
Bill barely felt that punch. The punch is mild.
The Native American chief was in a ceremony. The headdress is necessary.
The figurine filled the atrium. The figurine is gigantic.
There is a crowd in the ring. The ring is stuffed.
Mark pulled the spaghetti out of the freezer. The spaghetti is frozen.
The gum came from the bottom of the table. The gum is inedible.
Ricardo threw the javelin and it flew through the air awkwardly. The javelin is stubby.
Lyle's baby is breathing. The baby is alive.
Julia put some corn on the table for decoration. The corn is inedible.
They have a bun with a burger that is obligatory. The bun is required.
Hanging from the ceiling was unreachable. The hook is stumpy.
Tomorrow I will unpack the dresser. The dresser is full.
Mike thought it would be a bad idea to stack more goods on this shelf. The shelf is loose.
The balloon was left outside in the snow. The balloon is cold.
Mike had left the jam open on the counter for a few months. The jam is rotten.
The man said the cobra was the wrong kind of snake to eat. The cobra is toxic.
This was knitted by a master knitter. The knitting is complex.
The robot was fine after falling off the wall. The robot is alive.
The man looking for gold silverware found nothing at the store. The silverware is steel.
Susan cleaned up the snow with a mop. The ice is melted.
Dinner was served with a fluffy biscuit. The biscuit is plump.
Donald had added another hat in his order. The shopping basket is full.
John lives in an tower with stairs. The stair is winding.
The bronze gong sat on top of the desk. The gong is tiny.
The scallop is alive on coral. The scallop is mollusk-like.
The fruit was hard  to place in the cornucopia. The cornucopia is square.
The manufacturer is located in Manchester. The french horn is english.
The honey had been mixed with lemon. The honey is sour.
The prism would be a good gift for a prospective lover. The prism is heart.
Mark finally called the ambulance people. The ambulance is elsewhere.
The audience could easily see the speaker over the pulpit. The pulpit is short.
John slid the incubator to the other room. The incubator is heavy.
Kyle was surprised he baked such a unappetizing croissant. The croissant is inedible.
Midway through the semester, my notebook needed replacing. The notebook is filled.
Kim found food in the pan. The pan is full.
The researchers were happy to hear about the palm tree. The palm tree is present.
Dale bit into the cashew and swallowed it. The cashew is savory.
The go-kart was speeding on the track. The go-kart is moving.
Mike was annoyed after the gong fell on his foot. The gong is small.
Jerry looked out at the lake and noticed the Pink colors of the background. The flamingo is alive.
John smelled the mussel at the market and declared it spoiled. The mussel is inedible.
The turf was sculpted to cover the yard. The turf is cement.
Kevin found some licorice in the couch. The licorice is inedible.
Bill assembled the brooch himself in a week. The brooch is ornate.
When the wallet turned upside down, the money was retained. The wallet is closed.
The vacuum is made mostly of cardboard. The vacuum is fake.
Ryan had to duck to reach the saddle. The saddle is low.
The figurine is a dull color. The figurine is iron.
The dagger will make a shallow wound. The dagger is tiny.
Jane unrolled her new globe. The globe is squashed.
The core of the iron was hollow. The iron is floaty.
Our new bathtub is wide. The bathtub is spacious.
At the hotel Macy stayed at, her breakfast was pricey. The breakfast is expensive.
The snowmobile was stuck on the mountain. The snowmobile is stationary.
Teddy put the taffy in the microwave. The taffy is warm.
Jane looked in the cabinet and knew she should go shopping later. The cabinet is plentiful.
Jimmy boiled the egg. The eggshell is solid.
Marco Shoved  the ball down the funnel. The funnel is unrounded.
The string cheese was found in an prop box. The string cheese is plastic.
The cement mixer was attached to the foundation. The cement mixer is nonmobile .
The handlebars made it difficult for Sarah to go the direction she wanted. The handlebar is crooked.
The bug screen needed to be wiped before using again. The screen is filled.
Bill had an hard time spotting the jacket in his closet. The closet is shut.
Bob's napkin is unused. The napkin ring is filled.
Susan barely noticed when she ran into the stalagmite. The stalagmite is soft.
Bill's new house had a bathtub made for many. The bathtub is huge.
The postman placed the mail in the mailbox. The mailbox is full.
Gary's strawberry was in his garden. The strawberry is wormy.
Trixie took her gold to the pawn shop to sell it to them and kept it. The gold is fake.
The peg was filled with wood. The peg is solid.
The chalice is composed of stone. The chalice is silver.
The camel we saw was puny. The camel is weak.
Maggie had a simple time working the dough. The dough is slim.
Tina made her wreath this year from plastic. The wreath is light.
No one was allowed to pick the basil because of the cameras. The basil is monitored.
You will be able to see sludge when you look inside the exhaust pipe. The exhaust pipe is filled.
Jane had left the crepe to cool on the counter for a week. The crepe is inedible.
Bill saw many fish in the aquarium. The aquarium is overflowing.
The beehive weighted down one side of the roof. The beehive is huge.
Rupert's picking up of the tripod was obstructed. The tripod is nailed.
The sheets for the bunkbed were on the mattress after the wash. The bunkbed is full.
I caught a crab that was sickly. The crab is ill.
The bedpost looked like someone had rammed straight into it. The bedpost is bent.
The wasp was a worker wasp. The wasp is insignificant.
Mark left the potatoes in rows in the field. The potato is lined.
There's enough string on the spool to span a sidewalk. The spool is little.
Robert's shoelace was for babies. The shoelace is short.
George is sitting on the loveseat. The loveseat is full.
She served dinner with a dollop of cheese. The cheese is soft.
Mercedes used the brush to comb her thin hair. The brush is meager.
Dillon's balloon had helium in it. The balloon is full.
The taste of the cinnamon made Andrew grimace. The cinnamon is sour.
Billy has a rough shave with his razor this morning. The razor blade is bent.
The guests at our wedding were discarding the slices of wedding cake. The wedding cake is inedible.
Justina made a pom-pom in a triangle shape. The pom-pom is angular.
The yo-yos stacked easily. The yo-yo is square.
Raven wanted to discard the shrimp in the fridge. The shrimp is rancid.
The crab is eating the bird. The crab is carnivorous.
Mike had to vomit after tasting the sea urchin. The sea urchin is inedible.
The razor fits in a child's hand. The razor is small.
The ambulance stopped distant to us. The ambulance is there.
The baggage handlers noticed that the animal cage was very heavy. The cage is stuffed.
She gave me a pita in the shape of a blob. The pita is misshapen.
Jane sniffed the wine cork and frowned. The wine is sour.
The taffy left a terrible taste in Henry's mouth. The taffy is bitter.
The water damage had left the chessboard warped, but otherwise undamaged. The chessboard is uneven.
The clock has a broken pendulum. The pendulum is lenient.
The thieves were smart to leave the paperweight. The paperweight is lead.
The bean in Jack's hand was expired. The bean is inedible.
Ping saw the owl at the zoo. The owl is alive.
May happily discarded the plate of seafood. The seafood is disgusting.
The dirty table cloth was put in the trash. The tablecloth is plastic.
The exhaust pipe was bent in the accident. The exhaust pipe is crooked.
The chimney extended ten inches above the roof. The chimney is low.
It would be very hard for Jim to take the bassinet home. The bassinet is stuck.
The goalpost was barely above Bills ankles. The goalpost is short.
She's sitting at a table playing Bridge. The girl is socializing.
The musician moved the trombone's slide jerkily while playing. The trombone is rusted.
Mike could use this horseshoe. The horseshoe is specific.
Dimitri went to the pool and the hot tub was being repaired. The hot tub is closed.
Mark had had just cooked the spaghetti. The spaghetti is warm.
When he pressed the power button, the computer's fan began to spin. The computer is fixed.
John's bed is made of stone. The bed is miserable.
Emily left the fudge in the trash overnight. The fudge is inedible.
The barrette had a wavy shape. The barrette is curved.
The lid of the hot tub was secured. The hot tub is shut.
The kangaroo is three years old. The kangaroo is hopping.
The butter on the table was decorative. The butter is indigestible.
The lid on the trash can near the raccoon was closed. The raccoon is unintelligent.
Tim's mom made the candy cane from carrots so he would eat it. The candy cane is vegetable.
Fatima filled her gift basket. The basket is stuffed.
Jackie received an insult for her pie. The pie is bad.
Rob bought the sode bottle for two dollars. The soda is inexpensive.
The painting of the chinchilla was one foot tall. The chinchilla is short.
The hotel 's sign read full. The bed is unavailable.
When he entered the kitchen, John found the pan was ready to begin softening the butter. The pan is warm.
The bomb was triggered by a spark. The detonator is manual.
The beer stem from the keg was full of beer. The stem is full.
Martin bought the cuckoo clock for his friend here. The cuckoo clock is localized.
My desk in math class was zero rows away from where I stood. The desk is here.
Todd had to leave the cement mixer. The cement mixer is irremovable.
I lost the tick. The tick is away.
The vegetable should be discarded. The vegetable is inedible.
All of the eagles were flying. The eagle is alive.
The was a lot of static coming from the radio. The radio is bad.
The doctor's tomato sauce was pretend. The tomato sauce is inedible.
The avocado was the size of a acorn. The avocado is baby.
The baseball glove was heavy. The baseball glove is bronze.
I noticed the button had been untouched. The button is undisturbed.
The girl is moving after being shot. The girl is alive.
Bill had already filled the folder. The folder is occupied.
Paul touched the angled front of the lecturn. The lectern is cubical.
Regina knitted a turtleneck for a doll. The turtleneck is little.
Daniel's suicide attempt was failed. The noose is loose.
I could see nothing through the filter. The filter is solid.
Jan bought her new hairspray from the grocer. The hairspray is cheap.
Regina credited the slide. The slide is expensive.
The oar was half as long as the others. The oar is broken.
The chef felt sick after taste-testing the eel. The eel is poisonous.
Marco found a set of bagpipes from the Music store. The bagpipe is new.
Kelly's orange from her orange tree is underripe. The orange is yellow.
Mark took pictures of the landscape noticing the color Pink in the lake. The flamingo is living.
The bushes surrounding the Fuller's house were green. The bush is alive.
The judge insulted the chocolate. The chocolate is awful.
Charlie opened the oven and his scones were burned. The scone is inedible.
The window screen never been cleaned. The screen is clogged.
Ryan told me I cannot go out without my snowsuit on. The snowsuit is mandatory.
Jill noticed that the pincushion was very small. The pincushion is compact.
Walking the north the compass was pointing behind. The compass is wrong.
The knight was walking near the steps. The armor is lightweight.
The latte has been on the ice. The latte is frozen.
Bill's car had gone right through the fence. The fence is broken.
The peanut is in the dirt. The peanut is seedling.
The guidebook gave a warning for cooking them. The pine needle is poisonous.
Mike this the marble with a hammer, making a big dent. The marble is soft.
I decided to serve roast meat. The meat is hot.
At the mall, the photo booth was loud. The photo booth is full.
The lizard is found all over Flordia. The lizard is alive.
Julie's ice cream tasted sour. The ice cream is bad.
Danielle's couch is made of wood. The couch is uncomfortable.
Mike found a bottle of contaminated honey. The honey is bitter.
I gave Chuck a healthy blueberry. The blackberry is fine.
The needle penetrated with difficulty. The needle is dull.
The engineer admired the wind turbine as it lie sideways. The turbine is horizontal.
Josephine turned down the hot water faucet. The shower is hot.
Sally was amazed by the design of the brooch. The brooch is fancy.
The activists were worried about the coral. The coral is lacking.
Tina is selling the luxurious paper to people. The paper is costly.
Bill was able to find the horseshoe here. The horseshoe is local.
The chili had been in the refrigerator all day. The chili is cold.
John stepped into the snow drift, sinking up to his ankle. The snow is shallow.
The undertones of the silverware are gray. The silverware is aluminum.
The pineapple had sat in the sun for a week. The pineapple is inedible.
She was able to catch the rudder. The rudder is falling.
The schoolchildren are playing. The swing is occupied.
Randy ate now. The stomach is full.
The stick is made from bamboo. The stick is light.
I picked up a sealed can. The can is full.
Tina's milk from the store is old. The cream is separating.
Jim wiped his mouth with the napkin getting sauce on it. The napkin is messy.
The horned owl on Hubert's lap is a baby. The owl is small.
I was pleased by the juice. The juice is fresh.
The most dismissed ball is the football. The football is ignored.
Mike's new coat impressed the other party guests. The coat is fancy.
Dora's chin is small. The chin is unnoticeable.
The sunlight fell on the gutter. The gutter is dry.
This nest is for a eagle. The nest is large.
no more people can fit on the boat. The boat is full.
Mike noticed that the laundry basket was unusually heavy. The laundry basket is packed.
I used stale in the recipe. The candy is bad.
Jane's straw scrapes the wall of her cup. The straw is tiny.
It's easy to find pheasants to hunt. The pheasant is alive.
The water came out of the showerhead in a square. The showerhead is cubical.
Mei cooked the bok choy with lemongrass. The bok choy is thai.
Brian hit the cocoon with a stick breaking it off the side. The cocoon is stiff.
The starving scavenger had decided the found turtle was going to be used for companionship. The turtle is pet.
I used the bell pepper for poison. The bell pepper is inedible.
The bush in Mike's yard is entirely green. The bush is thriving.
The hedge was long enough to cover one side of the door. The hedge is stubby.
Kim walked up to the train car and saw that it was closed for passengers. The train car is unavailable.
She poured the rank juice in a jar. The juice is bad.
Julie put the shorbread in her mouth and quickly spit it. The shortbread is inedible.
Falling from the tree the pine needle bounced on the ground. The pine needle is curved.
They ate the ice cream with a straw. The ice cream is melted.
The charcoal dirtied the man's hand while it snowed. The charcoal is cold.
Bob followed all twelve steps in the cake mix recipe. The cake mix is complicated.
Tim was in the seeing many cubs around. The bear is reproducing.
The farmer showed me the composted squash. The squash is buried.
The roller was in the valley. The roller is low.
John felt his razor was too malleable. The razor is bendable.
Miked looked at the oven dial and knew the food would come out burned. The dial is wrong.
When Bill knocked over the bottle happened. The bottle is closed.
The children turned on the TV. The screen is full.
When I tried to apply for the program slot, my application was declined. The slot is full.
After running a spam trace the names were behind a(n) open firewall. The spam is identified.
Mike's family got sick after eating the cornmeal. The cornmeal is rotten.
Justine went to look for the chick in the barn and it was chipper. The chick is chirping.
The air traveled quickly  through the duct before reaching the vent. The duct is short.
The trigger needs to be activated remotely. The trigger is elsewhere.
The cream for the eclair formed rivulets. The eclair is runny.
Allie's jewelry was stolen. The treasure is yours.
It is very difficult to find cordon bleu on a menu in this area. The cordon bleu is uncommon.
Jennifer's typewriter seems to weigh five tons. The typewriter is stationary.
The crab was stalking in the grass. The crab is aggressive.
Activists for the orangutan exist. The orangutan is alive.
The seat had minimal padding. The car seat is uncomfortable.
The shovel was easy for Mike to fit in his camping pack. The shovel is short.
The trophy was under the sea. The trophy is full.
Jim opened the year old spam and it looked rotten. The spam is contaminated.
Mike watched the panther and the rabbit hunting in the tall grass. The panther is predator.
Bill turn the bottle over and nothing spilled out. The bottle is desolate.
Susan selected a moisturizer for her skin. The skin is rough.
Kerri went to a professional makeup artist and she ended up looking unalluring. The makeup is poor.
Kevin's computer screen was glowing. The computer screen is working.
Horace has a terrarium that comes in a cubical container. The terrarium is square.
The baker sold the bread for ten dollars according to size. The bead is huge.
Megan's leg has movement. The leg is healthy.
The lid was on the aquarium. The aquarium is closed.
Overhead, we noticed a(n) baby eagle. The eagle is tiny.
Kevin discarded the snack. The snack is horrible.
I removed the urn at the crematorium. The urn is filled.
Mike could not get the defibrillator out of the ambulance. The defibrillator is stuck.
I froze my tongue on the sauce. The sauce is cold.
Jill was unsure of how she would get the accordion into her car. The accordion is stuck.
Put the boxes in the secure bin. The bin is sealed.
The screw cost me much money. The screw is expensive.
The heat was stuck in the incubator. The incubator is locked.
The lime's skin was slimy. The lime is inedible.
Barack saw a baby penguin at the zoo. The penguin is huge.
Do you refer to your zucchini as squash. The zucchini is american.
The hubcap's design is shaped like a star. The hubcap is pointed.
The octopus can live in the water and not on land. The octopus is marine.
Bill saw the bolts for the stretcher were screwed in the holes. The stretcher is grounded.
William's sewing kit needed thread. The sewing kit is partial.
John swallowed the yogurt and frowned. The yogurt is tart.
Bill found the windowless room with the lamp to be dark. The lamp is unplugged.
Marks favorite croutons had pointed corners when chewing. The crouton is rectangular.
The top of the bedpost was five inches to the left of the base. The bedpost is slanted.
Shannon's workout session on the treadmill today is laboring. The treadmill is mobile.
Brandy was using a pretend sewing machine. The sewing machine is fake.
Sally could barely get enough tension out of the slingshot to make the shot. The slingshot is short.
The buns resembled a envelope. The bun is rectangular.
The alligator looked like a lizard. The alligator is little.
It was a close reach to the top of the chimney. The chimney is tiny.
I looked over to the end of the rudder. The rudder is fallen.
When I checked my wallet the money was gone. The money is missing.
Mike harvested the rice from the dumpster. The rice is inedible.
Terry made a potpie for a crowd. The potpie is large.
This rattlesnake has been defanged. The rattlesnake is safe.
The tadpole in the lake is a baby. The tadpole is short.
In music class, some of us ended up with a broken.kazoo. The kazoo is dislodged.
Bill accepts payments through credit card not other payment types. The credit card is mandatory.
The recorder is incredible difficult to move. The recorder is stationary.
Jenny got her new nail polish from Mary. The nail polish is free.
The giraffe was featured in a zoo. The giraffe is alive.
Jim noticed the pits bread was covering half of the plate. The pita is tiny.
The top floor is close. The stair is small.
The boy pointed at the turkey flying. The turkey is alive.
Rebecca's blanket is very transparent. The blanket is thin.
Using a seismograph is valuable. The seismograph is relevant.
This parsley is purely decorative. The parsley is inedible.
Richard just used his garbage can. The garbage is dirty.
The water bottle proved to be noncombustible when tossed into the fire. The water bottle is steel.
The raft was floating high in the water. The raft is light.
Mike found the mustard spread on the floor. The mustard is spilled.
The rattlesnake was incinerated over the fire. The rattlesnake is inedible.
Some prehistoric dolphins had teeth in addition to fins. The dolphin is oceanic.
My husband said the cupcake I made was repulsive. The cupcake is inedible.
Brittany is observing the vent. The vent is closed.
Susan built the metronome from three different components. The metronome is simple.
John made a patty from mud. The patty is inedible.
The subway is capitalistic. The subway is expensive.
The priest entered the pulpit. The pulpit is occupied.
Angelo looked at the monolithic grasshopper. The grasshopper is huge.
The bike in the garage was bought by them. The bike is theirs.
Marco could fit boxes perfectly in the trunk. The trunk is rectangular.
This grater is good for a minimal volume of food. The grater is tiny.
John tried to use his combination lock on a different kind and was disappointed. The combination lock is specific.
The sailboat we bought is plain. The sailboat is boring.
The bazooka was dry after it was used. The bazooka is land-locked.
The is chasing the animal. The hyena is assailant.
Milly's bird feeder was full of hummingbirds. The hummingbird is living.
There was water in the jug. The jug is filled.
The totem pole Erica saw was drawn. The totem pole is informal.
This particular type of daisy can be discarded. The daisy is poisonous.
Adam was able to fill the cornucopia with few fruits. The cornucopia is short.
The metal lid for the manhole was in the hole. The manhole is closed.
Jen discarded the snacks. The snack is uneatable.
Bill told his wife her make up looked Runny. The makeup is ugly.
As the light shone through the prism, the reflection on the wall was very drab. The prism is dusty.
After leaving his fishing net in the water overnight, the fisherman returned and had a happy look on his face when he pulled it out of the water. The net is full.
The cigarette butt laid in the street. The cigarette butt is full.
The pecan on the floor is ruined. The pecan is inedible.
The zucchini is covered in asbestos. The zucchini is toxic.
Olivia's crown is cool colored. The crown is silver.
The baby panda found eating made him ill. The bamboo is harmful.
If Mike's navigation was accurate he should be at the wall now. The wall is here.
Isabella is rushing around sweeping. The dustpan is stuffed.
The wax felt cool against my skin. The wax is hardened.
The cornucopia could have fed an nuclear family. The cornucopia is small.
One feature you might want to pay attention to when shopping for a camera is if the viewfinder is challenging to utilize. The viewfinder is hidden.
The yo-yo was made for a professional. The yo-yo is complex.
Kimiko's legs were hidden by her outfit during the ceremony. The kimono is lengthened.
We ordered gourmet sushi. The sushi is complex.
The bank robbers took one look at the bolt and knew they were going to have an hard time. The bolt is sealed.
Mark made coffee in the toilet before serving it. The coffee is undrinkable.
It was awkward to carry the lantern. The lantern is bulky.
The robot swept the road today. The roadsweeper is nonsentient.
Philip dug the sweet potato out of the trash. The sweet potato is inedible.
The tripod fits perfectly in a box. The tripod is rectangular.
The magician is hiding the woman in his suitcase. The suitcase is shut.
Victor felt fine after eating the sushi. The seaweed is harmless.
The wasp kees the area hostile when looking for insects. The wasp is trivial.
The tomato is black on the vine. The tomato is rotten.
Bill cut his finger on the rim. The rim is sharp.
Kim really despised the radio. The radio is awful.
The gas tank of my go-kart was empty. The go-kart is stopped.
I prefer the updated tuxedo. The tuxedo is untraditional.
Tina measured the scallop and found it to be four millimeters long. The scallop is short.
The pug is fictional. The pug is unimportant.
Daisuke was sitting in the dark room. The lamp is off.
All of the other packages had this barcode. The barcode is common.
Daryl put all the eggs in of the incubator. The incubator is full.
My skin is always smooth. The skin is moisturizer.
I tried to insert the hard disk but it was too squishy. The hard disk is soft.
The Longhorn is an baby bull. The horn is small.
Mark sat down and heard Farting from the couch. The whoopee cushion is round.
By the end of the routine, he was breathing rapidly. The exerciser is energetic.
The spur was nearly as long as mike's toe. The spur is stubby.
Martha grabbed the avocado and noticed it smelled bad. The avocado is unripe.
The snail was in the aquarium. The snail is molly.
The brooch incorporated many design elements. The brooch is intricate.
Janet had erased the face. The face is missing.
Chris carried the frog home in his truck. The toad is gigantic.
Ryan clicked on the ad for the video game and it led to a virus. The videogame is fake.
Greta felt nothing next to the window. The window is shut.
It's time for the baby to sleep. The crib is occupied.
The soda fountain is always empty. The soda fountain is unknown.
The pinwheel fell in the strong wind. The pinwheel is horizontal.
Michael's toe was comfortable in his new shoes. The toe is fit.
Tina knew the fire pit needed to be cleaned. The fire pit is overflowing.
The fireplace was used. The fireplace is full.
The bowling ball was designed for professionals. The bowling ball is metal.
The odometer in Bill's car was dull. The odometer is analog.
Brad had to use a cubical pipe. The pipe is rectangle.
The fruit dropped off a gympie-gympie tree. The fruit is toxic.
The sheath the warrior carries is light. The sheath is thin.
Cathy brought a broken football. The football is damaged.
John looked in the window and saw a two inch baklava. The baklava is tiny.
The expiration date on the can of spinach was two years before now. The spinach is inedible.
The nest held emu eggs. The nest is huge.
The teacher just finished the lesson using the whiteboard. The whiteboard is full.
I prefer my hotdogs to be raw. The hotdog is cold.
The yo-yo can roll with difficulty. The yo-yo is triangular.
Lydia made a moccasin from pastic. The moccasin is poisonous.
In the lab the spinach tested positive for e. coli. The spinach is poisonous.
Jerry had to replace the sling. The sling is broken.
Marcus noticed this belt buckle felt like a needle. The buckle is straight.
The chili was on the floor after cooking it. The chili is inedible.
Johnny Utah hit the wave and his board folded when he landed. The surfboard is bent.
There were many hummingbirds left in garden. The hummingbird is flying.
Alexei drank the cold hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is bad.
The stool at the restaurant is occupied. The stool is warm.
The tree that dropped the acorn was sprayed with pesticides. The acorn is uneatable.
They are studied by zoologists. The lizard is existing.
The steak was chosen last by the experienced chefs. The steak is bad.
The piggy bank cost much more than Mike's savings. The piggy bank is expensive.
Susan poured the cereal into the bowl and made a mess. The bowl is flat.
The swimsuit dried slowly. The swimsuit is thick.
The dishwashing liquid thudded onto the counter. The dishwashing liquid is solidified.
The peppermint smelled dull while in the garden. The peppermint is bolted.
Don's string cheese has been discared. The string cheese is inedible.
The bowl is shaped like a box. The bowl is rectangular.
Martin's found a grey locket. The locket is silver.
If you are looking for a porcupine, they are thriving. The porcupine is available.
The candle sinks in water. The candle is dense.
Mike could not afford charging his phone at this outlet. The outlet is expensive.
The rhubarb was spoiled. The rhubarb is inedible.
She was wearing a necessary barrette. The barrette is important.
The width of the pan is 12 inches. The cookie sheet is square.
The sandal was tight for Mike's big feet. The sandal is small.
Brian put the freshly skinned skunk in the garbage. The skunk is poisonous.
John got the radio at an auction. The radio is expensive.
Bill selected the hockey stick appropriate for a tall child. The hockey stick is short.
Tim and Barb just got in the shower. The shower is full.
The tattoo was on the child. The tattoo is unreal.
I dug out the tall tree trunk. The tree trunk is horizontal.
The bottom of the diving board had cement. The diving board is stuck.
There was excessive chain to tie up the boat. The chain is lengthy.
Jim could see everything in the crystal ball. The crystal ball is full.
Emily really hated the radio. The radio is horrible.
Barbara's wheat is covered in pesticides. The wheat is toxic.
Angela continued her shopping trip. The shopping basket is filled.
Mike watched the players run on the field. The match is starting.
Carly was feeling very sober. The wine bottle is full.
She handed me a dirty washcloth. The washcloth is used.
The film is very opaque. The plastic film is thick.
The farmer noticed his crops were eaten due to the ladybugs. The ladybug is alive.
The peppermint would fit nicely in a garden. The peppermint is seeds.
The train car was losing speed because of the cargo cars. The train car is full.
The kitten is located in the shelter. The kitten is forgotten.
Oliver's sling for his injury was in the freezer. The sling is stiff.
The yogurt smelled like cheese. The yogurt is spoiled.
Jeff handed his brother a computer. The tool is complex.
The beetle will give you discomfort. The beetle is harmful.
Bill was very sad to eat the sandwich. The sandwich is bad.
The crumb fell in the toilet. The crumb is noxious.
We stole the treasure from them. The treasure is theirs.
The pistachio had been dipped in epoxy. The pistachio is inedible.
Roberta's grapevine outside is annoying. The grapevine is meaningless.
The hook was chipped. The hook is stubby.
Riley was fine after climbing the stairs. The stair is flat.
Mike gladly discarded the coffee. The coffee is bad.
The tuba made no  noises when he blew on the mouthpiece. The tuba is filled.
When I got out, the bathtub was cozy. The bathtub is warm.
Suzy had to get smaller shoes, on account of her abnormal toe. The toe is short.
The wine had a stale smell. The wine is bad.
The pipe fit perfectly in the corner. The pipe is square.
The measuring cup was inaccurate because of the design. The measuring cup is square.
Around the doctor's neck hung a rigid stethoscope. The stethoscope is fixed.
The totem pole Gabby saw was an/a replica. The totem pole is casual.
Mary saw Tims navel thinking it looked like a ball. The navel is curved.
The golf cart stayed on the hill. The golf cart is stationary.
John's strawberry is in his garbage. The strawberry is slimy.
The bow was half its normal length. The bow is broken.
Joanie's bouquet was made by her florist. The bouquet is elaborate.
Bob put the vent grate back on sideways. The vent is horizontal.
I took one look at the gravy and realized that it was dangerous to eat. The gravy is inedible.
At dinner everyone left the stuffing. The stuffing is poor.
When I folded the rubber band it cracked. The rubber band is brittle.
The lanyard was the color of cherries. The lanyard is red.
Dina was confused by the drill. The drill is complex.
The ant is a queen. The ant is female.
The lizard on the table is venomous. The lizard is inedible.
Doreen got on the crowded carousel. The carousel is full.
Eating the slime will be safe. The slime is edible.
The battering ram was big enough to take down a garden gate. The ram is tiny.
I put the seaweed in the salad. The seaweed is safe.
Susan found a carrot that was especially radioactive. The carrot is inedible.
The clove was very mushy. The clove is foul.
I gave her the pastry because I hate her. The pastry is gross.
Susan went to the buffet and left hungry. The buffet is closed.
The pudding had been sitting on the counter for ten days. The pudding is inedible.
Ashley looked at the coral in the ocean. The coral is new.
Jack felt nauseous after eating the roasted sloth. The sloth is inedible.
Patsy is using a spacesuit in a display. The spacesuit is stuck.
I was disgusted by the snack. The snack is rotten.
The red bracelet was made of plastic. The jewelry is cheap.
Jill was able to fit a minimal volume of food on the grater. The grater is small.
The bed was sitting in the sun all day. The bed is warm.
The basket is holding Jenny's pillows. The basket is brimming.
The periscope reflects light. The periscope is opaque.
Richard drew the nearby walrus. The walrus is common.
Esther removed her tattoo. The tattoo is missing.
Dillon's razor is old. The razor is dull.
When the bubble popped, a sweet liquid rained down. The bubble is filled.
Jacob was sleeping in his room with a cot. The cot is sagging.
Jonas turned the furnace off. The furnace is cold.
Mike had just filled the teabag. The teabag is prepared.
The device was off. The button is unpressed.
Dale had a springboard against the floor. The springboard is horizontal.
Jim really despised the soup. The stew is disgusting.
The lizard was unharmed during the hail. The hail is light.
Bill tried to drink from the cup and was left wet. The cup is overflowing.
Jenny's braid had been snipped. The braid is cut.
Janet scrubbed the rag in her hand. The rag is dirty.
After gaining some holiday weight, Jill found wearing the corset impossible. The corset is stiff.
It is the end of tea time. The teacup is filled.
The cap for the perfume has an elegant cornered cap. The cap is square.
Jane thought that the stuffing had ruined the meal. The stuffing is bad.
The truck encountered a filled pothole. The porthole is closed.
Jenny decided she wants to go sledding. The sled is loaded.
Mike could not put a spoon into the chili. The chili is frozen.
We took a overcrowded camper. The camper is overflowing.
Chris shoved the snack into his trashcan. The snack is nasty.
The soda fountain is know by a select group of people. The soda fountain is obscure.
Jane's yo-yo would be destroyed if she dropped it on the ground. The yo-yo is glass.
Mike emptied a spoon full of dust into the oatmeal. The oatmeal is dirty.
The oatmeal smells moldy. The oatmeal is rotten.
We had to unload the shopping cart. The shopping cart is full.
Violet saw the barbed wire while running away. The barbed wire is visible.
Brad needed a vial that was spilling. The vial is overflowing.
The fingerprint on the door was smudged. The fingerprint is unclear.
Joey's bag had an almond that was bitter. The almond is rotten.
When cooked, the sloth is sickening. The sloth is indigestible.
Bill threw the tennis ball and it slid on the ground. The tennis ball is rectangular.
Amy aligned the hose beside the house. The hose is solid.
The corn was as sweet as milk chocolate. The corn is good.
The doctor said that Bill's leg would have to be rested. The leg is alive.
The oxen pulled the wagon with difficulty. The wagon is stuffed.
Bill found the box to be quite heavy. The box is full.
Mike had left the the grain out all afternoon in the rain. The grain is bad.
The fish devoured the worm. The worm is dead.
Mike mixed gravel into the pancake batter. The pancake is contaminated.
Bill bumped his leg on the flat edge of the shield. The shield is square.
The mouse navigated the maze on its hundredth try. The mouse is dim.
Bill pounded the nail in with difficulty. The nail is dull.
The door opened angled from it's hinge. The hinge is slanted.
John had purchased the snowmobile three years ago. The snowmobile is worn.
Teddy painted the pear. The pear is artificial.
Bill mixed his maple syrup with honey. The maple syrup is sweet.
May's shopping cart was filled with many things. The cart is stuffed.
The chili was left in the counter for two days. The chili is poisonous.
When I put the coin in the slot, it fell out. The slot is stuffed.
The car needed a new three-sided hubcap. The hubcap is triangular.
I put the bread dough in the oven and when I came back an hour later it was risen. The oven is warm.
The lime looked rotten when cutting into it. The lime is toxic.
Alfred's new calculator is two years old. The calculator is sophisticated.
Bob lifted the chain and it was so heavy. The chain is big.
The new sushi places use seaweed from the ocean near the power plant. The seaweed is poisonous.
Travis leaped toward the swing because it was occupied. The swing is taken.
John looked at the doll as it melted . The doll is plastic.
When the hail touched Mary's skin it sizzled. The hail is burning.
In his nightmare Bill ran for seconds before reaching the edge of the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is short.
Everyone at the celebration is sober. The keg is overflowing.
Mike's new coffeemaker included a computer. The coffeemaker is programmable.
Susan knew that this tree trunk could be made into a terrible structural post. The tree trunk is bent.
While gardening, Aubrey's hoe was too stubby to adequately cultivate the soil. The hoe is short.
The battery on the robot was Charged  in the morning. The robot is working.
Using the oil will harm your car. The oil is bad.
I picked up a grapefruit that was poisoned. The grapefruit is toxic.
The bok choy in Jerry's dish was made in Shanghai. The bok choy is chinese.
The boy packed potatoes in the cart. The cart is overflowing.
Dwayne's phone was clean after he touched it. The fingerprint is invisible.
The hay was in the cauldron. The hay is scalding.
The chemist disappointedly displayed his new test tubes. The test tube is broken.
Patricia left the towel on the ice. The towel is freezing.
Shayla retrieved the mail from the scanty mailbox. The mailbox is closed.
Susan was unsure that she finally had her pie recipe just the way she wanted. The pie is imperfect.
I had bad constipation from all the garlic in the pasta. The garlic is indigestible.
After using the soap I felt dirty. The soap is ineffective.
Bill's soda was ancient. The soda is expired.
It was the middle of the morning on Sunday. The pulpit is occupied.
I was able to see nothing through the prism. The prism is opaque.
Patrick's typewriter is at his prison. The typewriter is fixed.
The spool held few coils. The spool is stub.
The cardigan was made by Frank for a human. The cardigan is normal.
The clipboard's clip was inches away from the backboard. The clipboard is overflowing.
I told her that noone liked the football. The football is unpopular.
The cardboard was intricately decorated. The cardboard is printed.
The scientific community enjoyed the sloth. The sloth is alive.
The fishhook could have caught a minnow. The fishhook is short.
I poured the water from the container. The container is full.
Ronald put the penny in his pocket. The pocket is tiny.
Mike was shot with a beanbag. The man is alive.
Freddy's jar was holding coins. The jar is full.
Jerry's wooden leg has been broken. The wooden leg is bent.
Tina noticed the bark was from a birch. The bark is thin.
The artichoke was covered in spines. The artichoke is inedible.
The belt buckle was part of my work clothes. The belt buckle is mandatory.
The eagle's eggs were found on the cliff. The eagle is reproducing.
Norbert is using his loveseat. The loveseat is occupied.
Susan could no afford to attend the buffet. The buffet is expensive.
The dog got into the yard and attacked the squash. The squash is mauled.
The stew was made from spoiled vegetables. The stew is revolting.
The expiration date on the sardine can is outdated. The sardine is inedible.
The bubble popped and made a noise. The bubble is barren.
When preparing that recipe, take note if the cabbage is mushy. The cabbage is overcooked.
Jane used the blackberry to make a juice that would delight her guests. The blackberry is safe.
Jenny's mug is steaming. The mug is full.
I had to roll the dough into a stick. The dough is skinny.
The kids got in the tiny bathtub. The bathtub is miniature.
Jim put the tea in the pot before drinking. The tea is warm.
To James, the cinnamon tasted horrible. The cinnamon is bitter.
Ashton measured the six inch spatula. The spatula is short.
Mary fed the peach to the birds, then watched them die. The peach is poisonous.
Collette's belt buckle was shaped like a box. The belt buckle is square.
The ostrich is an child. The ostrich is small.
The mongoose was dismissive of all the other animals in its natural environment. The mongoose is predatory.
The beehive housed dozens of bees. The beehive is puny.
Kelly's sweater is hanging up in her room. The hanger is full.
Mike looked inside and saw everything hidden inside the buoy. The buoy is overflowing.
The loud noises was coming from the exhaust pipe. The exhaust pipe is curved.
The chain was made to be ninety feet long. The chain is elongated.
The hedgehog has been decomposing. The hedgehog is inedible.
There was no room left over to load the van. The van is full.
Bill picked a berry that smelled rotten. The berry is poisonous.
The peach was radioactive. The peach is toxic.
The odd looking puffin was some sort of dwarf. The puffin is small.
The priest had to bend to reach the altar. The altar is low.
I put the trash on the bin. The bin is blocked.
His skin felt like sandpaper. The skin is coarse.
There is clutter in the nightstand in my room. The nightstand is full.
The caramel I made turned out well. The caramel is brown.
After Mike was done with it the stick was not as big as it used to me. The stick is halved.
I found the chalkboard to be freshly used. The chalkboard is full.
When I poured out the gel it cracked. The gel is hardened.
Mike noticed the teabag was very heavy. The teabag is filled.
Susan put extra lemon in her milkshake. The milkshake is bitter.
The animals ate the mulberry bush. The mulberry is safe.
I'm pointing at a glass trashcan. The jewel is elsewhere.
The pasty has been sitting on the stove for seventy hours. The pastry is rotten.
When Kim looked for the hip, it had vanished. The hip is gone.
Fritz realized the cabbage was sculpted. The cabbage is decorative.
Billy carved a spear for children. The spear is miniature.
The robot sat on the rock, impervious to the intense EMP attack leveled against it. The robot is functional.
Joseph's credit card was rejected. The credit card is invalid.
Tim open the crate of dynamite and noticed it was empty. The dynamite is missing.
The tarantula had laid many eggs. The tarantula is female.
There was a branch lying nearby. The branch is horizontal.
A cube will fit in the funnel. The funnel is square.
After eating the pepperoni Jim went to the hospital. The pepperoni is toxic.
Mike was strong enough to break a paper wall. The punch is weak.
Florence became hydrated from her drink. The drink is water.
There were thousands of cheetahs born in the last three decades. The cheetah is alive.
You can't use a traditional detonator for that. The detonator is analog.
I have been saving a dollar coin. The coin is nickel.
Susan bought the clarinet at auction for two hundred dollars. The clarinet is ubiquitous.
The toe was at the left-hand side of the left foot. The toe is little.
All the animals are outside the cage. The cage is full.
The iron was designed to be light. The iron is aluminum.
Today's observers talked about the cornhusks. The cornhusk is farmed.
We played on a crooked chessboard. The chessboard is irregular.
I picked up a block that was hollow. The block is full.
The cucumber sat in the garbage. The cucumber is putrid.
Maria's credit card was declined during checkout. The credit card is expired.
The slot was spilling with water. The slot is clogged.
The oyster smelled feculent. The oyster is inedible.
Rory's sail on her boat had three corners. The sail is triangle.
There is workers upon the scaffold. The scaffold is full.
The walnut smelled rancid. The walnut is inedible.
Jane felt almost no pain when the needle was fully inserted in her arm. The needle is tiny.
Gretchen opened the keg. The keg is full.
Try as me might, Mike was unable to chew the patty. The patty is uneatable.
This type of palm tree grows high up on the mountain. The palm tree is deciduous.
The farmer handed the sunflower to his wife to discard. The sunflower is inedible.
The four-year-old was sitting in a car seat designed for a two-year-old. The car seat is cramped.
After Susan found the skeleton in her garden she called the museum. The skeleton is inhuman.
The golf club was allowing people from the street the other day. The golf club is public.
The tablecloth should be washed on the normal cycle. The tablecloth is cotton.
Frankie is repairing his watch. The dial is broken.
Bill squeezed the cocoon and it shattered. The cocoon is unbending.
Jill's music box was damaged. The music box is discordant.
The ice-cream cone says it is urine flavored. The ice-cream cone is inedible.
The orange was the color of the pavement. The orange is black.
The breastick she gave me made me sick. The breadstick is toxic.
The llama was blocked by the tall fence. The llama is little.
Mary put the test tube on the table. The test tube is rectangular.
Rocco dropped the scanner and it broke when it hit the ground. The scanner is delicate.
Mike's inhaler requires an air tank to work. The inhaler is fixed.
John's knife dented the meat. The knife is dull.
The string cheese melted in the oven with an acrid aroma. The string cheese is fake.
The ferry fees are paid by the users. The ferry is expensive.
Jan put the washcloth in the laundry. The washcloth is dirty.
Susan had already stuffed the envelope. The envelope is full.
Everybody Looked at mark when he refused to wear the bikini. The bikini is mandatory.
The dustpan was heavy when Anna picked it up. The dustpan is full.
I shifted the switch on the meat grinder. The meat grinder is computerized.
Ashley smelled the dumpling in her bowl and it smelled stale. The dumpling is inedible.
The inside of the coffin was hidden. The coffin is closed.
Regina's basket is very light. The basket is small.
Tommy ate the parsley realizing the parsley was execellent. The parsley is tasty.
Kevin ordered a soda at a trashy restaurant. The soda is cheap.
Johnny is using a flamethrower that is online. The flamethrower is stuck.
Mike wrapped the belt around the brick. The belt is squared.
When I tasted the breadstick, I was sick. The breadstick is inedible.
The bonnet is made for a duck. The bonnet is miniature.
The party is tomorrow. The keg is stuffed.
The popcorn kernels were sealed. The popcorn is cold.
Mike ate the cupcake then went to the hospital. The cupcake is poisonous.
Susan stabbed the bear with the spear, giving it a large bruise. The spear is dull.
The value of the marble was nothing after getting it cleaned. The marble is ruined.
Fatima is looking at her pen-pal's handprint. The handprint is foreign.
The man you are interviewing with is near. The man is here.
Mark was running and stepped in a hole making him wet. The puddle is overflowing.
The barrel was light. The barrel is tiny.
The hamster disliked the pet food. The pet food is spoiled.
Stanely was digging and found a coal. The rock is bad.
The razer blade was placed inside the handle. The razor blade is short.
Tony's dog died after consuming the tomato. The tomato is toxic.
The broken harp was sold. The harp is discordant.
Lola stored the hot dogs. The hotdog is frozen.
The lake had a scarce amount of food for the swan to eat. The swan is small.
The towel spent several hours outside in a drought. The towel is dry.
You need a key to access the box. The box is locked.
The test tube laid across the book. The test tube is little.
The birds hunted to eat the snail. The snail is safe.
The recipe called for the shortbread dough to be nine millimeters thick. The shortbread is thick.
The diving board was manufactured from several substances. The diving board is composite.
Ursula poisoned the fruit of the gourd. The gourd is inedible.
I took a heavy bag to the store. The paper bag is full.
The trampoline was on wheels. The trampoline is mobile.
The kitchen scale was incorrectly calibrated. The scale is jagged.
Brad connected the scoreboard. The scoreboard is offline.
The boy picked up the mallet with ease. The mallet is light.
Matt felt well after eating a peppermint. The peppermint is maintained.
John saw that the chair was occupied. The chair is full.
The machine cleaned the floor. The sweeper is animalistic.
The syrup I used made the drink taste delicious. The syrup is tasty.
Jane filled the backpack with feathers. The backpack is light.
Jim had hut his ear covering ice. The ear is shut.
Frank threw his hockey stick at the wall and it was fine. The hockey stick is steel.
The smell from the toilet was fine when cleaning it. The toilet is shut.
I looked in the ambulance bay right after a 911 call. The ambulance is missing.
Mark bought a new lamp and the cord was thick. The cord is stiff.
The star fruit grew in an area with lots of heavy metals. The star fruit is poisonous.
Gilbert's cotton candy had been thrown away. The cotton candy is inedible.
May left the water on and the sink flooded. The drain is closed.
When applying shapes to the game rick pointed each side. The prism is multifaceted.
Brians's thumb was hit by a cloth ball when playing around. The thumb is okay.
Mary put the teapot on the stove and it was whistling. The teapot is hot.
Tims play was really good especially when the puppet jumped from the top. The puppet is animated.
The cashew was ready. The cashew is smooth.
The cord was not able to reach the plug. The cord is small.
The scalpel was made to be used in a dollhouse. The scalpel is miniature.
Upon arriving at the circus tent entrance, he learned they had refused additional patrons due to the tent's capacity. The tent is filled.
Tim made Tents out of his food tonight. The tortilla is triangular.
The scientists were relieved about the news for the palm tree. The palm tree is existing.
Sitting on the couch made me freezing. The couch is chilly.
The solar panel was powered by pumps. The solar panel is active.
The cheetah was surrounded for a long time in his den area. The cheetah is reproducing.
The chef declared the ginger acidic. The ginger is indigestible.
The dandelion looked disintegrated. The dandelion is inedible.
Tilly's handlebar is for a racing bike. The handlebar is bent.
It burns my hand when I hold it. The hail is hot.
With the contacts, I was able to see nothing. The contact lens is opaque.
The cigarette holder fell to the ground with a clink. The cigarette holder is metal.
The blind was in the display. The blind is expensive.
The star fruit was recently tossed. The star fruit is spoiled.
The men went up the ladder to fix the power line. The power line is strung.
The repairman eyed the weird horizontal vent. The vent is sideways.
Tina's jeans pockets were appled. The pocket is decorative.
Jordan made the foam with skim milk. The foam is skinny.
Following an outdoor walk with my dog, I checked his body for a tick and none were present. The tick is elsewhere.
I used cream cheese that was moldy. The cream cheese is spoiled.
We tried to play on the cluttered pool table. The pool table is full.
A black banana was in my lunchbox. The banana is inedible.
Shelly purchased the stereo from the secondhand store. The stereo is inaudible.
Patrick's bulletin board has been off. The bulletin board is passive.
Rachel was packing her suitcase. The suitcase is full.
I felt relaxed after dinner. The stomach is soothed.
The rooster was superfluous to the operation of Bill's chicken farm. The rooster is unwanted.
Margaret smelled her bottle of maple syrup and it was bitter. The syrup is malodorous.
The king's throne was being used during lunch. The throne is occupied.
Diane discarded the pepper. The pepper is nonedible .
I really miss the presence of the girl. The girl is departed.
Bills hourglass could consistently tell time. The hourglass is full.
The contents of Jane's music box had been returned. The music box is full.
Jill's cast felt Soft when she broke her arm. The plaster cast is fake.
The kimono was made for Miho's mother. The kimono is long.
The sled is flimsy. The sled is light.
Her shirt was ripped at the home. The hole is here.
Margaret went to use the basil and found it decayed. The basil is disintegrated.
I ordered the generic creme brulee. The creme brulee is common.
Ingrid woke up and poured coffee from the coffee pot. The coffee pot is full.
Bill figured the sarcophagus must have been for a prized cat. The sarcophagus is tiny.
The boy fell over the curb onto his chin, and it felt okay. The chin is healthy.
We saw the roofless gondola during summer. The gondola is overflowing.
After eating the moss, Todd felt nauseous. The moss is inedible.
The fire in the fireplace was out. The fireplace is chilly.
Jalapenos are available anywhere. The jalapeno is alive.
This method of origami made the elder surprised. The origami is new.
The walnut was painted. The walnut is toxic.
I froze while sleeping on the mattress. The mattress is cold.
Bill had put everything in the folder. The folder is filled.
The maple syrup was congealed. The maple syrup is inedible.
The skeleton was located on Mars. The skeleton is monstrous.
After cooking the close on the stove it was burnt. The clove is inedible.
MJ liked to wear Parisian caps. The cap is flat.
Jill's compass is broken. The compass is inaccurate.
The swing was moving sideways when mark was on it. The swing is horizontal.
Brandy just purchased the bucket. The bucket is unused.
A small amount of snow fell outside Susan's window. The snow is light.
Joe never sharpened his saw. The saw is dull.
Haley made the shortbread with square cookie cutters. The shortbread is average.
Susan tool the pills and recovered. The pill is medicine.
The boy went upstairs to repair the trombone. The trombone is broken.
Douglas had lived in his apartment for three years. The closet is full.
Raphael had his mustache trimmed. The mustache is long.
Adam noticed the speedometer was stuck as he increased his speed. The speedometer is inaccurate.
In order to change the bulb in the lamppost, the man used a stepstool. The lamppost is short.
I climbed in the dumpster and fell five inches down. The dumpster is full.
Alice yanked her hand away in shock as the butter froze her hand. The butter is cold.
Roger found a pine needle that was seven centimeters long. The pine needle is short.
There was a bar of shortbread on the plate. The shortbread is long.
Susan used a gel made of silicone to decorate the display. The gel is inedible.
The seafood spread had been out for two days. The seafood is gross.
The coals were gray. The coal is cold.
Mike was confident that his knee could withstand the fall. The knee is strong.
The spinach on my plate is rotten. The spinach is toxic.
Tigers were often seen in the wild. The tiger is alive.
The couch was in the Shade all day. The couch is cold.
We carried the rifle with a strap. The rifle is light.
The thumb was the color of a onion. The thumb is normal.
The abacus was built into a box. The abacus is rectangular.
Bill turned on the stereo and it's silent. The stereo is unavailable.
The bowling ball moved slow down the lane. The bowling ball is triangular.
The ping-pong table was made for dolls. The ping-pong table is small.
Looking down at the scene of the accident, the officer could see the woman's eyes were blinking. The woman is breathing.
It was easy to carry the sling. The sling is light.
The Florida man grabbed the lizard realizing he smells like chemicals. The lizard is harmful.
After it rained all the luggage in Bill's trunk was fine. The trunk is closed.
The zucchini was in the play kitchen. The zucchini is inedible.
The hot tub in Jerry's room was running. The hot tub is overflowing.
Bill's dad gave him an expensive baseball glove for his birthday. The baseball glove is leather.
The picture Martha took was dull using her new lens. The lens is soft.
Susan looked into the chest and realized she was rich. The chest is overflowing.
The window can only open properly with a(n) parallel hinge assembled to it. The hinge is horizontal.
The nutcracker featured mechanism that allowed it to dance. The nutcracker is silent.
Susan knew of many cockatoos living in this region. The cockatoo is alive.
Jane's dashboard was almost entirely full. The dashboard is cluttered.
The ostrich is an baby. The ostrich is little.
The thread was insufficient to tie the package shut. The thread is trimmed.
The skull is in the human. The skull is full.
Hans stored his basketball hoop. The basketball hoop is stretched.
Richard decided the payphone was hard to transport. The payphone is fixed.
Ted knocked over his inkwell and his papers were ruined. The inkwell is overflowing.
Zebras have been reproducing for years. The zebra is plentiful.
John has the fire blocked in the fireplace. The fireplace is sealed.
Jimbo went to the fish wholesaler who was open to buy fish for the aquarium. The aquarium is full.
Darla's sling is made of plastic. The sling is rigid.
Regina cooked the toast for one hour. The toast is bad.
The cashew farmer enjoyed the cashew. The cashew is sweet.
Thomas removed the soup from the refrigerator. The soup is cold.
The chicken dinner came out ruined. The oven is freezing.
Oscar made compost out of the pine tree. The pine tree is inedible.
I was able to heave the kayak into the truck. The kayak is cumbersome.
The old wine John found in the cellar is odd tasting. The wine is off.
The broccoli was a bright purple. The broccoli is uneatable.
Linda's refrigerator magnet was ineffective. The magnet is non-polar.
The diamond rolled against his skin. The diamond is soft.
Jill and Mark were in the meadow. The granite is sparse.
The hippopotamus lives solely in water. The hippopotamus is aquatic.
Steve watched what was going on in the neighbor's garden. The wall is low.
Mark had already loaded the raft. The raft is full.
Tim grabbed an almond covered in dirt. The almond is inedible.
June's typewriter is made of glue. The typewriter is nonmovable.
Our guests thought the sofa bed was bumpy. The sofa bed is curved.
Bill picked the weeds to make a wreath. The weed is toxic.
The local water hole was depleted where the Rhinos live. The rhinoceros is thriving.
Jackie looked at the handprint taken from Mars. The handprint is alien.
The coffin store showed coffins with cloth for choices. The coffin is shut.
The unknown drink resulted in Misty feeling sober. The drink is non-alcoholic.
Susan's doll was a dragon. The doll is inhuman.
Jim looked in the pillbox and found there were many pills. The pillbox is full.
The map told me to come elsewhere. The map is inaccurate.
The fireplace was confining the heat. The fireplace is closed.
The champagne at my sister's wedding was very flat. The champagne is horrible.
During the off season the team plays on a Hard surface. The turf is dirt.
Sarah though the ladybug was the size of a small dog. The ladybug is large.
The man took the hotdog from the cooler. The hotdog is chilly.
Reaching for the stretcher the EMT was straining to lift it. The stretcher is fixed.
The plant was a tree. The stem is solid.
Maggie poured the diet cream into the bowl. The cream is thin.
Mike was able to get into the swimming pool with difficulty. The swimming pool is locked.
The milkshake has been sitting in the fridge for months. The milkshake is sour.
The seafood was pulled from the ocean underneath a sewer. The seafood is horrible.
There was no way to plug the controller into the slot. The slot is closed.
After they ate the cake, the bride and groom left in a ambulance. The wedding cake is toxic.
The top of the arch is pointy. The arch is triangular.
The kimono hit below the knee. The kimono is tall.
Patricia was using her knitting needle to embroider. The knitting needle is small.
Nigel noticed that the birds were gobbling in the field. The turkey is available.
John made hummus and was upset by his results. The hummus is inedible.
Mary ordered a iced latte. The latte is chilled.
People could see the surface of Justin's tent made of a tarp. The tarp is opaque.
After being bitten by the snake, Alice went to her house. The snake is safe.
The tools for the subway projects where cranes. The subway is elevated.
Marcus exclaimed that his lemonade was the worst. The lemonade is bad.
Ashley used her whiteboard. The whiteboard is full.
The sauerkraut bottle had words from Germany on it. The sauerkraut is german.
Mike's skin turned red in the shower water. The shower is scalding.
The beehive attached to our home called for a simple extermination process. The beehive is small.
The pallet could be moved by a forklight. The pallet is full.
Kim punched the man in the face. The hand is closed.
Mike poured the water into the bucket. The bucket is overflowing.
Leonard's fire is blazing in the fire pit. The fire pit is stuffed.
Patrick has his computer on. The computer screen is full.
Julie made a horrified face when she saw the tortilla. The tortilla is rotten.
When making mashed potatoes, the potatoes used should be green in color. The mashed potato is inedible.
Vera put her sunglasses on while driving and was injured. The lens is solid.
The man was playing a pretend mandolin. The mandolin is fake.
The feathers for the pillow were inside the pillow. The pillow is full.
Someone is sitting in the chair. The chair is occupied.
In the soup, the okra was coated with Windex. The okra is poisonous.
Ted, the frog, was poisoned. The frog is sick.
I attended the woman's wedding. The woman is alive.
Laura used a stamp that was a starfish. The stamp is star.
Nelly decided she wanted to toss the cobra she found. The cobra is inedible.
The chick is with me. The chick is here.
Jane noticed the vial was unusually heavy. The vial is full.
The bamboo made a terrible addition to the salad. The bamboo is inedible.
The professor had used chalk to explain himself. The chalkboard is used.
The bowl was full of soup. The bowl is heavy.
The car's new hubcap differed  the shape of the wheel. The hubcap is square.
Jill knew the bears here were dangerous. The bear is alive.
The llama was a baby. The llama is small.
It took mike much time to master the slide. The slide is hard.
Jack, the ruler of the land, had votes. The ruler is democratic.
The bathroom was occupied. The bolt is closed.
The eggplant made had been cooked with gravel. The eggplant is inedible.
The flower was concealed due to the grass around it. The flower is green.
Jeanette ran behind the toy humvee. The humvee is little.
It took days for Mike to complete sowing the dress. The dress is complex.
The calculator is located in a chemist's room. The calculator is scientific.
Martha insulted the cabbage she made. The cabbage is overboiled.
Lily's aluminum foil she brought back from the store was expensive. The aluminum foil is thick.
Angela scoured the Internet about mushrooms, wanting to learn what types of fungi are dangerous. The fungus is bright.
The soda was made with plenty of sugar. The soda is sweet.
Mike detested eating the pineapple. The pineapple is unpalatable.
Cleaning the house Fran placed the sheets on the bunkbeds. The bunkbed is flush.
The sailboat had a fallen mast. The mast is flat.
Jason yelped when his feet touched the sand. The sand is hard.
The top of the tea was covered in ice. The tea is frozen.
Yolanda's blue tarantula is decayed. The tarantula is inedible.
The boy was running and was undeterred by the curb. The curb is small.
The marble was simulated. The marble is cheap.
Bill put the sandbags on cement for the storm. The sandbag is immobile.
The child was holding a toy trombone. The trombone is fake.
Diane looked at the cornhusks after she chopped them. The cornhusk is truncated.
When I tried the periscope it was filmy. The periscope is clouded.
Minnie's shower was impeded. The shower is short.
I hated the snorkel she gave me. The snorkel is unlovable.
Mary turned on the heat as night fell and the room got warmer. The window is closed.
Ayesha saw the rhinoceros at the safari. The rhinoceros is repopulation.
Mark had a foam gun that blcoked people taking pictures. The foam is cloudy.
Maria's stiletto barely made her look taller. The stiletto is stubby.
Daniel's spaghetti is in the fridge. The spaghetti is cold.
Rudyard's creme brulee was exalted. The creme brulee is uncommon.
The scoreboard crashed after every goal. The scoreboard is wrong.
Mike hated the snack. The snack is unsavoury.
Hugo opened the carton of cream and was disappointed. The cream is spoiled.
Mike had little money left over after buying the bouquet. The bouquet is expensive.
Susan found the lemon in the dump. The lemon is dirty.
The exhaust pipe released gases to the sewer. The exhaust pipe is horizontal.
Gary's mouth with his mouthpiece is closed. The mouthpiece is shut.
Tim found the grater to fit perfectly into the square package. The grater is angular.
The sandwich was made by aliens. The sandwich is toxic.
The cookie had lots of ants. The cookie is revolting.
Bob Welded his bed post for his room. The bedpost is metal.
The sandwich came on a thick biscuit. The biscuit is fat.
Putting the display out on the floor the bunkbeds came together in the boxes. The bunkbed is filled.
This barrel appears to have been made from warped boards. The barrel is curved.
The cushion felt firm. The cushion is hard.
The man from the tribe fled the spider. The spider is inedible.
The broom was the perfect height for mike to sweep while sitting. The broom is puny.
John went to the store and picked out a violet t-shirt. The t-shirt is purple.
This clock arm is used to denote hours. The arm is short.
Mike's surfboard was embedded on the rock. The surfboard is stuck.
Tim has to look Straight  to see through the viewfinder. The viewfinder is vertical.
Billy's big toe was fine. The toe is normal.
The workers towed the forklift across the road. The forklift is heavy.
Frank held up his wide sheath. The sheath is short.
All of the pine tree's needles fell off during the winter. The pine tree is deciduous.
Bill was repulsed by the old sorbet. The sorbet is molly.
The javelin had a meager reach. The javelin is tiny.
water is pouring from the spout. The spout is full.
The doctor the Old  before surgery. The scalpel is dull.
Brian turned the hourglass over and the sand always stopped. The hourglass is limited.
Kelly's globe has been painted. The globe is full.
Jenny paid a lot for her coral necklace. The coral is scarce.
Jane left the couch in the yard overnight. The couch is freezing.
The popcorn had just popped. The popcorn is scalding.
Bill got a coffee from the cafe. The coffee is expensive.
I was missing the pearl. The pearl is gone.
Mary used the key to lock the shackles on her wrist. The wrist is chained.
Looking for somewhere to set down his bag, John saw that there was clutter on the counter. The counter is filled.
The story in the book was histrocal when Tim read the passage. The book is non-fiction.
The chicken wire was extremely difficult to cut with the small hand pliers. The chicken wire is thick.
After styling, Anna's hair braid almost reached her neck. The braid is small.
The bed was used for sleeping. The bed is occupied.
The owner arrived to find the grass burned. The grass is scalped.
Janet tried to write on the bulletin board but it was inaccessible. The bulletin board is locked.
Bill thought the turkey would make a great display. The turkey is inedible.
Susan froze her tongue trying to eat the chili. The chili is chilly.
Compared to others, the papaya stood lower. The papaya is short.
The pilot insisted we wear the life jacket. The life jacket is mandatory.
Martina's baby has a case of the mumps. The baby is unhealthy.
The quad square on one side and not on the other. The quad is asymmetrical.
Mike hung the lights from the corners of the arch. The arch is square.
The sound of the jukebox made me want to cry. The jukebox is dissonant.
The crank that drove the windshield wiper was broken. The windshield wiper is manual.
The iron glided over the wrinkles. The iron is light.
The warrior's confidence in battle was occasionally affected by the skimpy craftmanship of the armor worn. The armor is thin.
The lettuce looks fake. The lettuce is inedible.
The butter was frozen before cooking. The butter is inedible.
When George tried to sweep up the crumbs, they ended up outside the dustpan. The dustpan is overflowing.
Kendra's sheets were itchy. The bed is irritating.
Mike slid the prism across the table. The prism is rectangular.
The pepperoni had been sitting in the dishwater. The pepperoni is inedible.
Debra's credit card was made of paint. The credit card is fake.
Most people dislike the soda fountain. The soda fountain is unpopular.
The platypus was visible from far away. The platypus is large.
The girl's ears were below average sized. The ear is small.
Ciara had a fake praying mantis. The praying mantis is inedible.
Bill ran his hand along the polished lines of the antique jukebox. The jukebox is streamlined.
I looked into the thick file. The file is full.
The tree is two years old. The twig is short.
The doctor took one look at the thumb and gave the patient the boot. The thumb is fine.
She was able to put few colors on the palette. The palette is tiny.
The nacho flew in the air and landed in his bathtub. The nacho is inedible.
If the athlete doesn't wear it, the manufacturer will not sponsor them. The swimsuit is required.
Peter wasted the breakfast. The breakfast is bad.
Bill put the raspberry in the trash. The raspberry is destroyed.
When Tammy grabbed her purse, she noticed it was heavier than she remembered. The purse is full.
The globe was a drawing. The globe is flat.
Jim pulled the dishrag fresh out of the dryer. The dishrag is warm.
Jackie's skin was soft. The skin is moist.
The cornhusk barely covered the corn. The cornhusk is petite.
Jill's leg was attached by the limb. The leg is normal.
The ram is a female. The ram is small.
The enormous shadow of the owl was misleading. The owl is puny.
Janet, hoping her drink was still cold, picked it up and was disappointed. The ice cube is melted.
Darlene was freed while carrying marijuana. The marijuana is legal.
Susan had not done the laundry. The laundry basket is full.
The soccer ball absorbed the water on the grass. The soccer ball is cloth.
Robert was disappointed in his slide performance. The slide is difficult.
The net cornered around the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is square.
Kevin's pretzel is in his toilet. The pretzel is uneatable.
Jane lifted the pocket watch with its crane. The pocket watch is gigantic.
After a hard fall, Terry looked in the mirror and saw that his denture was cracked. The denture is smashed.
The sign said that each meal had the buffet include at no extra charge. The buffet is required.
Mike went climbing but realized his harness was cool on his side. The harness is breezy.
The wood that Rob was sawing was unstable. The vise is loose.
The seaweed is found in the skincare. The seaweed is toxic.
The leek made Jim's stew inedible. The leek is indigestible.
Trained and careful preparation can determine if a blowfish will be poisonous. The blowfish is indigestible.
Peter consumed his drumstick. The drumstick is chicken.
I was able to launder the blueberry. The blueberry is cotton.
The water flowed against the pipe. The pipe is solid.
Bill showed off his collection of square coins. The coin is rectangular.
Zaire's car trunk was locked. The trunk is sealed.
Jim's face was cold after wearing the visor outside. The visor is cloudy.
The soda had too much sugar for Lisa's taste. The soda is tasty.
The eclair had been touched with dripping hands. The eclair is sweaty.
Factual information from UK over the origin of sauerkraut. was found. The sauerkraut is english.
The berry in the garden smelled sour. The berry is inedible.
The cornmeal that Ma used to make cornbread is expired. The cornmeal is inedible.
The girl grew her hair. The hair is lengthy.
The tree in Bob's yard is a maple. The tree trunk is crooked.
Of the grey, metallic silverware at the shop, these were shinier. The silverware is platinum.
The grille has four corners. The grille is square.
Robert's beautiful scrambled egg in the pan was dropped. The scrambled egg is inedible.
Bill was sad to have the stew for dinner. The stew is bad.
Mike had often seen hummingbirds in this area. The hummingbird is alive.
The members of the band lowered their instruments in the recording studio. The record is finished.
Linda bit into the wafer and found it hard. The wafer is heavy.
Bob's computer folder was zipped. The folder is shut.
Robert commented on the beauty of the poinsettia. The poinsettia is alive.
The dog was able to tell the pet food was dangerous. The pet food is poisonous.
Bill cleaned up the water that had spilled on the biscuit. The biscuit is swollen.
Once braided, her hair hung below her shoulders. The braid is short.
Mike found the recliner to be lumpy. The recliner is uncomfortable.
Marco's laptop charger is charging. The plug is full.
The sign said the bracket was taken. The bracket is used.
The pizza had several different varieties of bacteria. The pizza is rotten.
A child cooked the bacon. The bacon is terrible.
Eating the snack made bill sick. The snack is harmful.
I was able to drag the lantern there. The lantern is heavy.
The guide said the iguana is generally hidden. The iguana is dormant.
The last walrus arrived in this area fifty years ago. The walrus is existent.
I bought the canteloupe as a decoration. The cantaloupe is inedible.
The scientist was thrilled by the coral finding. The coral is rare.
The spear stood at all as a dog. The spear is short.
Tucker's anvil is made for children. The anvil is light.
Mark cut his hand on the prism. The prism is sharp.
If you pushed your hand against the side of the yo-yo, it would be pierced. The yo-yo is spiky.
I got this cuckoo clock from my Amazon. The cuckoo clock is new.
Darlene made her famous sauce with the generic recipe. The sauce is bad.
Moving the bucket from one side of the yard was effortless for Mary. The bucket is light.
Sarah sat down next to Sam. The stool is occupied.
While baking Phil saw that the whipped cream was curdled. The whipped cream is inedible.
The string of Gail's new bow was drawn. The bow is curved.
The cantaloupe was known to all in this region. The cantaloupe is alive.
The game was designed as a story. The game is ending.
Pour the soup from the ladle. The ladle is full.
The bullet passed through the middle of the barrel. The barrel is full.
The drumstick was on his plate. The drumstick is delicious.
Jane knew the biscuits were done when the alarm on the wall went off. The biscuit is burned.
The monster bit into the apple with his one tooth unsuccessfully. The tooth is dull.
The guests were covered at the hot springs. The bikini is compulsory.
The iron sword was pathetic. The iron is weak.
Max's snowmobile was very worn. The snowmobile is used.
Mary read the label on the shower cap that said it contained natural chemicals. The shower cap is organic.
Mike bought a exotic shaped chessboard. The chessboard is round.
The value of the coin is More than other natural metals. The coin is gold.
We were unable to eat the scallop. The scallop is inedible.
Molly is waxing the table. The table is finished.
Rob held the eyedropper close to his eye. The eyedropper is tiny.
Randal ran hitting a beehive and a few came flying out of it. The beehive is tiny.
Tina could see through the visor with difficulty. The visor is murky.
Janet found the lingerie in a sack. The lingerie is sold.
The boulder is public property. The boulder is theirs.
Tina opened up the drawer to find amber silverware. The silverware is gold.
Jerry's jug can hold one liter of liquid. The jug is large.
Mike left the ice cream in the oven overnight. The ice cream is melted.
Justina's marshmallow was made out of clay. The marshmallow is inedible.
She wore a tiara made of white metal. The tiara is silver.
Wendy felt nauseous after eating lunch. The dish is spoiled.
Mike found a crumb that had fallen off a piece of soap. The crumb is toxic.
Tyler's mom bought him an luxurious hot-water bottle. The hot-water bottle is metal.
A bunch of fish were found swimming near the seaweed. The seaweed is non-toxic.
Paul shaved his patchy mustache. The mustache is sparse.
Peach has a few different meanings, some having similarities to a hue. The peach is colouring.
The game of chess can be played by experts. The game is complex.
The moss looked black on the tree. The moss is dead.
The knitting needle was used. The knitting needle is bent.
Mary made a disgusting face when she saw the leftover pear. The pear is discoloured.
Vicky discarded the hummus. The hummus is spoiled.
The tea kettle I put on remained whistled. The kettle is full.
Mike died after his parachute jump. The parachute is closed.
I looked at the seal and recognized it. The seal is common.
The kayak stood in the strong wind. The kayak is immobile.
My first time trying stingray as part of my meal turned out to be disgusting. The stingray is inedible.
Jill tapped the hockey stick on the ground to produce a resounding clang. The hockey stick is metallic.
The book laid across the riser. The riser is horizontal.
Dustin ignored the plant. The plant is inedible.
Todd  could fit Two  loaves of bread in the bassinet. The bassinet is small.
Ryan has started his smoothie. The juicer is full.
The plane is going left. The rudder is tipped.
The contents of the folder is hidden. The folder is closed.
Betsy turned off the stove. The stove is cold.
The marble was installed in a pre-fab house. The marble is common.
The salad dressing on the vegetable contained bleach. The vegetable is poisonous.
The incubator is located at a farm. The incubator is gigantic.
The nuns were comforted by her swimsuit. The swimsuit is appropriate.
The clipboard rustled in the strong wind. The clipboard is stuffed.
My family decided to go to a restaurant where the buffet was a(n) combined charge. The buffet is included.
Mike's candy bar was made of wax. The candy bar is inedible.
The and was crushed by the boot. The ant is dead.
The fire blazed madly nearby. The fire is here.
The bowling ball moved slow down the lane. The bowling ball is cubical.
The attendant told us the octopus were all alive. The octopus is common.
Upon opening the buried treasure, the divers' anticipation resulted in celebration. The treasure is full.
Will's surfboard was bent. The surfboard is flexible.
The fork was made for an child. The fork is tiny.
The coyote enthusiast enjoyed coyotes. The coyote is present.
The bed is used. The bed is full.
Lisa was not sure if the urn on display in the museum was being used for aesthetic purposes. The urn is barren.
I bought a inflated whoopee cushion. The whoopee cushion is full.
The door of the tent was pulled shut. The tent is closed.
The airplane's radar was in repair. The radar is broken.
The rain stopped falling after 5:00pm. The puddle is dried.
The bowling ball bounced down the lane. The bowling ball is crooked.
It was backbreaking work to move the air mattress across the room. The air mattress is heavy.
Tina noticed her skin felt Smooth when applying lotion. The skin is healthy.
The squares on the chessboard were raised. The chessboard is ununiform .
The appraiser was able to determine the french horn was of Scandanavian craftmanship. The french horn is swedish.
In hot weather the bush was watered once every day. The bush is healthy.
I need to find a lavish pedal. The pedal is costly.
The figurine was scaled up compared to real life. The figurine is large.
The potato was really small for cooking. The potato is growing.
