Taylor purchased the mango from the grocery store. The mango is edible.
I was able to carry the bin with one finger. The bin is empty.
The iron was designed for household projects. The iron is iron.
Bill put the raspberry in the salad. The raspberry is edible.
When the hail touched Mary's skin it froze. The hail is cold.
The lava near the village was red. The lava is hot.
She handed me a fresh washcloth. The washcloth is clean.
The sandwich was made by humans. The sandwich is edible.
Chuck used the round funnel. The funnel is circular.
The vacuum is made mostly of plastic. The vacuum is real.
The iron pressed over the wrinkles. The iron is heavy.
We noticed the numbers on the scoreboard were updated. The scoreboard is complete.
The guests at our wedding were eating the slices of wedding cake. The wedding cake is edible.
Jane found the yogurt hidden in the back of the fridge, days after purchasing it. The yogurt is sweet.
John has been finished eating his soup. The spoon is empty.
Bill cleaned up the raincoat with a towel. The raincoat is wet.
Marco's laptop charger is unplugged. The plug is empty.
The cream for the eclair formed peaks. The eclair is edible.
The cuckoo clock was powered by springs. The cuckoo clock is ancient.
The swing was moving forward when mark was on it. The swing is vertical.
This grater is good for a great volume of food. The grater is large.
John saw that the chair was free. The chair is empty.
The shrimp has been covered in arsenic. The shrimp is poisonous.
The guidebook gave a recipe for cooking them. The pine needle is edible.
Patrick's typewriter is at his house. The typewriter is portable.
The pallet could be moved by a man. The pallet is empty.
Bill's lectern had no edges. The lectern is circular.
The skewer was made from real ingredients. The skewer is long.
The pot was filled with finished soup. The soup is ready.
Mike's new coffeemaker included a filter. The coffeemaker is simple.
The coffin store showed coffins with wood for choices. The coffin is open.
The lizard tasted the fern and it was fantastic. The fern is edible.
Mike paddled the oar, barely scraping the lake bed with each stroke. The oar is long.
The diving board was manufactured from one substances. The diving board is plastic.
Mary could see the Bottom of the clothes chute. The chute is straight.
Rob's snowmobile was full of gas. The snowmobile is portable.
The yogurt's expiration date was two days ago. The yogurt is edible.
The TV was showing premieres. The television is good.
The totem pole Gabby saw was an/a original. The totem pole is ceremonial.
The cigarette butt laid in the lake. The cigarette butt is empty.
The soldiering iron was useful in melting the metal. The soldering iron is hot.
The train car was gaining speed because of the cargo cars. The train car is empty.
The peanut is in the bowl. The peanut is edible.
Angelo looked at the adorable grasshopper. The grasshopper is small.
John's inhaler was close to his desk. The inhaler is portable.
The motor that drove the windshield wiper was broken. The windshield wiper is automatic.
Jenny paid a little for her coral necklace. The coral is abundant.
Upon opening the buried treasure, the divers' anticipation resulted in misfortune. The treasure is empty.
For that type of door, you will need to purchase a(n) upright hinge. The hinge is vertical.
The iguana was displayed on the cover of the biology textbook. The iguana is extinct.
It was easy to find enough people to play the board game. The board game is popular.
The olive is sitting in the salad. The olive is edible.
I used cream cheese that was fresh. The cream cheese is edible.
Susan enjoyed the starfish soup. The starfish is edible.
The four-year-old was sitting in a car seat designed for a four-year-old. The car seat is comfortable.
Regina screamed when she picked up the pan. The pan is hot.
Mike picked the fig off the tree. The fig is edible.
Mark took pictures of the landscape noticing the color Blue in the lake. The flamingo is extinct.
There was a square of shortbread on the plate. The shortbread is short.
The door opened correctly from it's hinge. The hinge is vertical.
Jill tapped the hockey stick on the ground to produce a resounding thud. The hockey stick is wooden.
When I got out, the bathtub was frigid. The bathtub is cold.
Mike had just finished the soup in the pot. The pot is empty.
Jenny's mug is clean. The mug is empty.
The old wine John found in the cellar is pleasant tasting. The wine is good.
Tim noticed the puppy was laying in the field. The puppy is dead.
I put the bread dough in the oven and when I came back an hour later it was flat. The oven is cold.
The man felt solitude. The man is alone.
Ingrid woke up and discarded coffee from the coffee pot. The coffee pot is empty.
The beer had been sitting in the cooler all day. The beer is cold.
Jim was early to work because of his timer. The timer is accurate.
The mouse quickly solved the test. The mouse is intelligent.
Gary's mouth with his mouthpiece is laughing. The mouthpiece is open.
I'll have to grow it or the Homeowner's Association will complain. The grass is short.
The girl cut her hair. The hair is short.
Norbert is moving his loveseat. The loveseat is empty.
The water in the street was draining. The gutter is empty.
Mary bred her chinchilla and her friend's comments on how they filled her purse. The chinchilla is long.
The moss looked green on the tree. The moss is alive.
Jane knew the biscuits were done when the timer on the wall went off. The biscuit is edible.
Jan bought her new hairspray from the salon. The hairspray is expensive.
Brad ran over a groundhog that smelled delicious to bring home for dinner. The groundhog is edible.
The odometer in Bill's car was bright. The odometer is digital.
The pizza was baked for gourmets. The pizza is good.
Ronald put the notebook in his pocket. The pocket is large.
Mike had never seen hummingbirds in this area. The hummingbird is extinct.
Susan had an easy time figuring out how to use the drill. The drill is simple.
By the end of the routine, he was breathing normally. The exerciser is passive.
Jeremy's compost was made of vegetables. The compost is organic.
My roommate's loveseat is warm. The loveseat is here.
The chick is with them. The chick is there.
Martha complimented the cabbage she made. The cabbage is edible.
Marjorie felt admiration remembering the lingerie at the store. The lingerie is available.
Linda's refrigerator magnet was working. The magnet is magnetic.
The contents of the folder is visible. The folder is open.
Milly's bird feeder was desolate of hummingbirds. The hummingbird is extinct.
Mike found the recliner to be soft. The recliner is comfortable.
Everyone was sitting near the couch. The couch is empty.
Jill grabbed her trash can and dumped it on the gorund. The trashcan is empty.
A bunch of fish were found floating near the seaweed. The seaweed is toxic.
Brad had to use a round pipe. The pipe is cylindrical.
The trigger needs to be activated   nearby. The trigger is here.
Trained and careful preparation can determine if a blowfish will be delectable. The blowfish is edible.
The magic ritual banished gargoyles in the building. The gargoyle is extinct.
I took the coal out of the fire. The coal is hot.
Mary turned on the heat as night fell and the room got colder. The window is open.
Susan found the lemon in the orchard. The lemon is edible.
Brian put the freshly skinned skunk in the oven. The skunk is edible.
The orange rind was peeled from a ripe orange. The orange rind is edible.
We were able  to eat the scallop. The scallop is edible.
Zebras have been exhausted for years. The zebra is extinct.
The cat was declared sick after eating the mulberry. The mulberry is poisonous.
I picked up a grapefruit that was fresh. The grapefruit is edible.
The burger was being cooked on the grill. The grill is open.
The bok choy in Jerry's dish was made in Seoul. The bok choy is Korean.
Mike could visually confirm what was inside the plastic film. The plastic film is transparent.
Marlon could change the bulb of the lamppost with difficulty. The lamppost is tall.
Ashley looked at the coral in the IMAX. The coral is large.
Ashley's mango turned out to be fantastic. The mango is edible.
Jerry shouted that the headscarf was recommended. The headscarf is optional.
The hose sat on the ground in a circle. The hose is elastic.
Rick bought a new canoe which he carried with his arms. The canoe is portable.
The cat was able to Pass the door to the nightstand. The nightstand is open.
When he pressed the power button, the computer's fan began to smoke. The computer is dead.
The eclair had been touched with gloved hands. The eclair is edible.
This barrel appears to have been made from standard boards. The barrel is straight.
The latte has been on the stove. The latte is hot.
Heather, the chef, dumped soap on the shrimp. The shrimp is poisonous.
The flower was prominent due to the grass around it. The flower is purple.
The oatmeal smells ordinary. The oatmeal is edible.
nobody showed up to vote at the ballot box. The ballot box is empty.
Susan knew of no cockatoos living in this region. The cockatoo is extinct.
Zaire's car trunk was unlocked. The trunk is open.
The hot tub in Jerry's room was broken. The hot tub is empty.
Haley made the shortbread with oblong cookie cutters. The shortbread is long.
The cardboard was not decorated. The cardboard is blank.
Brian turned the hourglass over and the sand always moved. The hourglass is endless.
The painting of the chinchilla was eight foot tall. The chinchilla is long.
To test the freshness of the bread, Daryl squeezed the loaf and purchased it. The bread is good.
Barb carried the beanbag out of the corner. The beanbag is portable.
She kept the blanket against her torso. The torso is flat.
Jerry's wooden leg has been waxed. The wooden leg is straight.
Jenny's braid had been finished. The braid is long.
Ron tried to reach the twig from far away and could easily. The twig is long.
Mark made a pine needle cake. The pine needle is edible.
Barbara's wheat is covered in flour. The wheat is edible.
A yellow banana was in my lunchbox. The banana is edible.
Dora's chin is large. The chin is prominent.
The boy fell over the curb onto his chin, and it felt bumpy. The chin is swollen.
The robot was destroyed after falling off the wall. The robot is dead.
Martin made buns by rolling the dough. The bun is round.
Jordan made the foam with whole milk. The foam is thick.
Tony's hunting bow was real. The bow is long.
The bomb exploded nearby. The bomb is here.
The sled went down the hill slowly. The sled is empty.
The dish came out of the oven five hours ago. The dish is cold.
People were cleaning the grate. The grate is open.
The scalpel was designed to operate on elephants. The scalpel is long.
Jackie's wheat is processed. The wheat is edible.
Martin's doll had been attacked by the dog. The doll is dead.
Eating the dumping will make you full. The dumpling is edible.
He wanted to buy a stretched humvee. The humvee is long.
This was knitted by a beginner knitter. The knitting is simple.
The recorder is incredible easy to move. The recorder is portable.
Our guests thought the sofa bed was comfortable . The sofa bed is flat.
The tambourine made a hollow sound. The tambourine is wooden.
The bed was sitting in the shade all day. The bed is cold.
MJ liked to wear baseball caps. The cap is round.
The cigarette holder fell to the ground with a thump. The cigarette holder is plastic.
I was revolted by the juice. The juice is bitter.
Frederick stored his napkin after dinner. The napkin is clean.
Susan squeezed the toothpaste out. The toothpaste is liquid.
Jessie's cork was rolled. The cork is hollow.
Depending on the brand needed for your breed of dog or cat, the pet food might be acquirable. The pet food is available.
They gave me a broken computer. The computer is dead.
Danielle's couch is made of cotton. The couch is comfortable.
The lobster is covered in sauce. The lobster is edible.
The box was a present and it was Christmas afternoon. The box is open.
Jim wiped his mouth with the napkin getting nothing on it. The napkin is clean.
The bathroom was free. The bolt is open.
Jill and Mark were in the mountains. The granite is abundant.
The curve of the cap repelled the rain. The cap is convex.
You need a key to secure the box. The box is open.
Bill could easily check the contents of the envelope. The envelope is open.
Mike stepped on the thumbtack and it bent. The thumbtack is plastic.
Carly was feeling very drunk. The wine bottle is empty.
Susan stabbed the bear with the spear, giving it a large cut. The spear is sharp.
The oatmeal smells fresh. The oatmeal is edible.
Jane lifted the pocket watch with its chain. The pocket watch is portable.
There was a extensive cord attached. The cord is long.
Susan bought the clarinet at auction for two thousand dollars. The clarinet is rare.
John decided to display the contents of his briefcase. The briefcase is open.
The warrior's confidence in battle was occasionally affected by the layered craftmanship of the armor worn. The armor is thick.
Bill picked the weeds to make a salad. The weed is edible.
Bill threw the tennis ball and it bounced on the ground. The tennis ball is spherical.
Ping saw the owl at the museum. The owl is extinct.
Bill made the trowel out of candy. The trowel is edible.
Breaking down the tree trunk with the axe was effortless. The trunk is hollow.
The periscope transmits light. The periscope is transparent.
The lightning bug is in space. The lightning bug is extinct.
Romero ran into the room and pulled the lamp switch. The lamp is on.
Billy carved a spear for himself. The spear is long.
Jevon's needed one more stamp to insert into his collection book but this newly-found stamp was much too round. The stamp is circular.
I put the seaweed in the trash. The seaweed is toxic.
My oil painting hasn't been gessoed yet. The canvas is blank.
The grater was for parmesan. The grater is large.
The monster bit into the apple with his one tooth easily. The tooth is sharp.
Chihuahuas are absent. The chihuahua is extinct.
When cooked, the sloth is savory. The sloth is edible.
The bartender quiclly made the common cocktail. The cocktail is simple.
Ned stretched the hammock to fit the space. The hammock is long.
I gave Chuck a toxic blueberry. The blackberry is poisonous.
We ordered standard sushi. The sushi is simple.
Marco found a set of bagpipes from the Antique  store. The bagpipe is ancient.
There was a large distance from the front to back of the stilleto. The stiletto is long.
The measuring cup was accurate because of the design. The measuring cup is circular.
She was wearing a decorative barrette. The barrette is ornamental.
The chef felt good after taste-testing the eel. The eel is edible.
Justina made a pom-pom in a circle shape. The pom-pom is circular.
The contents of Jane's music box had been stolen. The music box is empty.
Ben took the gel out of the bottle. The gel is liquid.
The eye water smell of the pepper was enticing. The pepper is edible.
She wore a skirt above her knees. The skirt is short.
The soccer ball repelled the water on the grass. The soccer ball is plastic.
An earwig is good to hurt someone. The earwig is poisonous.
Don's string cheese has been refrigerated. The string cheese is edible.
The caramel I made turned out discolored. The caramel is orange.
Ryan clicked on the ad for the video game and it led to a store. The videogame is real.
We need to measure the circumference of the quad. The quad is circular.
He pulled the ice cream out of the freezer. The ice cream is cold.
The trough can hold a meter of water. The trough is deep.
The dishwasher arrived five hours ago. The sink is empty.
The test tube was warmed by the heat. The test tube is cylindrical.
The fishhook could have caught a marlin. The fishhook is long.
When the bubble popped, a sweet smell rained down. The bubble is empty.
I found the peanut butter to be viable. The peanut butter is edible.
Billy's big toe was throbbing. The toe is swollen.
Eating the slime will be harmful. The slime is poisonous.
Jane noticed the vial was unusually lite. The vial is empty.
The shell was in the store. The shell is hollow.
The artichoke was covered in butter. The artichoke is edible.
The is fleeing the animal. The hyena is prey.
Trixie took her gold to the pawn shop to sell it to them and sold it. The gold is precious.
The chef cooked the caramel ingredients. The caramel is orange.
Yolanda's blue tarantula is alive. The tarantula is edible.
Bill turn the bottle over and water spilled out. The bottle is full.
In Australia, this stingray is a hazard. The stingray is poisonous.
The wooden leg resembled a spear. The wooden leg is rigid.
Jackie received an award for her pie. The pie is good.
The top of the bedpost was zero inches to the left of the base. The bedpost is straight.
The bronze gong sat on top of the pyramid. The gong is large.
The pothole proved to be easy to manage. The pothole is shallow.
The clipboard's clip was nanometers away from the backboard. The clipboard is empty.
The owner arrived to find the grass uncut. The grass is long.
Laura used a stamp that was a sun. The stamp is circular.
Susan squeezed the pear until it squished. The pear is fruit.
Bill never encountered rattlesnakes these days. The rattlesnake is extinct.
The octopus can live in the water and also on land. The octopus is amphibious.
Jane picked up the garlic in the grocery department. The garlic is edible.
I prefer my hotdogs to be grilled. The hotdog is hot.
There was much room left for flowers in the vase. The vase is empty.
Tilly's handlebar is for a children's bike. The handlebar is straight.
Tonight Mike's pets would be happy. The pet food is available.
The ruby made the crown look regal. The ruby is precious.
Violet missed the barbed wire while running away. The barbed wire is invisible.
His skin felt like silk. The skin is smooth.
The location of Jin's computer is known. The computer is here.
One person is able to carry the recorder with ease. The recorder is portable.
Bill had already protected the rooster by sundown. The rooster is important.
Marco Dropped the ball down the funnel. The funnel is circular.
Bill bought a delicious fig. The fig is edible.
Eating the snack made bill full. The snack is edible.
Mary put the test tube on the rack. The test tube is circular.
Sam bought honey that tasted slightly of orange. The honey is good.
John swallowed the yogurt and smiled. The yogurt is sweet.
I received a letter in the mail from a stranger. The mail is anonymous.
The eyedropper was designed to go into vaginas. The eyedropper is long.
Susan tool the pills and died. The pill is poison.
Patsy is using a spacesuit in a ship. The spacesuit is portable.
Jane filled the backpack with rocks. The backpack is heavy.
Jim looked in the pillbox and found there were no pills. The pillbox is empty.
Tara's sewing kit has all of the things it needs. The sewing kit is complete.
Susan put extra sugar in her milkshake. The milkshake is sweet.
The chalice is composed of steel. The chalice is gold.
Jimbo went to the fish wholesaler who was closed to buy fish for the aquarium. The aquarium is empty.
There were many people at the swimming pool today. The swimming pool is open.
John stepped into the snow drift, sinking up to his waist. The snow is deep.
Bill's seaplane can land in the water and the land. The seaplane is amphibious.
I noticed that her right hand was wrapped with chains. The hand is strong.
I was able to carry the lantern there. The lantern is light.
There are no coyotes left in the world. The coyote is extinct.
The water cooler weighed several kilograms. The water cooler is portable.
At dinner everyone ate the stuffing. The stuffing is good.
Carla walked outside to look at her green melon. The melon is edible.
Kevin's pretzel is in his bag. The pretzel is edible.
The water safe to go into the water without a wetsuit. The wetsuit is optional.
It was easy to remove the machine gun. The machine gun is portable.
Harry bought a birdcage for his toucan. The birdcage is large.
John had purchased the snowmobile three weeks ago. The snowmobile is new.
Mickey had no trouble lifting up the jug. The jug is small.
There were no hummingbirds left in garden. The hummingbird is extinct.
I used the hose that was bent . The hose is elastic.
This nest is for a hummingbird. The nest is small.
The bathtub holds tons of water. The bathtub is large.
The broccoli had been waiting in the pantry all day. The broccoli is edible.
The razor blade covered his whole check. The razor blade is long.
The locals use the seaweed to make pesticides. The seaweed is poisonous.
Emily looked at her speedometer and it affirmed what she knew. The speedometer is accurate.
While gardening, Aubrey's hoe was too lengthy to adequately cultivate the soil. The hoe is long.
The cap for the perfume has an elegant circular cap. The cap is round.
The metal clip pressed against the board. The clipboard is empty.
In the lab the spinach tested negative for e. coli. The spinach is edible.
The lake had a plentiful amount of food for the swan to eat. The swan is large.
air is pouring from the spout. The spout is empty.
The children turned off the TV. The screen is blank.
Jackie's denture needs to be cleaned. The denture is straight.
Tigers were never seen in the wild. The tiger is extinct.
Bill had plenty of room left in the folder. The folder is empty.
Janice's pear from her garden is fresh. The pear is edible.
Vera put her sunglasses on while driving and was safe. The lens is transparent.
Rob bought the sode bottle for eight dollars. The soda is expensive.
During the off season the team plays on a Soft surface. The turf is grass.
I dug out the long tree trunk. The tree trunk is vertical.
Millie's dart from her dart set was twelve inches long. The dart is long.
The fireplace was unused. The fireplace is empty.
The wax was easily poured. The wax is liquid.
If you pushed your hand against the side of the yo-yo, it would be fine. The yo-yo is flat.
This batch of cornmeal made the worst bread!. The cornmeal is bitter.
The flag on the mailbox was down. The mailbox is empty.
My desk in math class was four rows away from where I stood. The desk is there.
Jim could easily hold the bead in one hand. The bead is small.
Bill put a cup of sugar into his milkshake. The milkshake is sweet.
The clock has a functional pendulum. The pendulum is rigid.
Doreen bought her minivan new. The minivan is expensive.
Sally had a bowl of popcorn she had made hours ago. The popcorn is cold.
The Longhorn is an adult bull. The horn is long.
The countertop had a granite pattern. The granite is hard.
The gum came from the bottom of the package. The gum is edible.
You can't use a digital detonator for that. The detonator is electronic.
Kayla shifted the car into first. The station wagon is standard.
The battering ram was big enough to take down a castle gate. The ram is large.
The cashew farmer rejected the cashew. The cashew is bitter.
Taylor's new pinwheel is standing on the counter. The pinwheel is vertical.
Jeffrey's shower cap worked. The shower cap is plastic.
The king purchased a first aid kit. The first-aid kit is expensive.
Tina noticed her skin felt Rough when applying lotion. The skin is dry.
I am a novice at knitting. The knitting is simple.
Mark rubbed his hand on the prism. The prism is spherical.
Bill made the hummus last night. The hummus is edible.
Janet folded the rag in her hand. The rag is clean.
Dustin prepared the plant. The plant is edible.
The razer blade was placed outside the handle. The razor blade is long.
Susan had plenty of room left in the container. The container is empty.
The state of the fence around his house made Bill feel secure. The fence is intact.
Mary wore a yellow bow around her waist. The bow is long.
The brooch incorporated few design elements. The brooch is simple.
At the hotel Macy stayed at, her breakfast was complimentary. The breakfast is free.
The bushes surrounding the Fuller's house were brown. The bush is dead.
The rim of the funnel is circular. The funnel is round.
The top floor is far. The stair is long.
Bob Carved his bed post for his room. The bedpost is wooden.
The exhaust pipe was undamaged in the accident. The exhaust pipe is straight.
Water flowed down the drain. The drain is open.
Mosquitos were invading the house. The window is open.
Falling from the tree the pine needle stuck on the ground. The pine needle is straight.
Darlene made her famous sauce with the family recipe. The sauce is good.
Bill had an easy time spotting the jacket in his closet. The closet is open.
The gas tank of my go-kart was full. The go-kart is fast.
Alfred's new calculator is fifty years old. The calculator is simple.
The core of the iron was solid. The iron is heavy.
The stream of water moved down the grate. The grate is large.
Gary's strawberry was in his freezer. The strawberry is edible.
There were no marbles in my pocket. The pocket is empty.
Mike just caught the train. The train is here.
Mike's inhaler requires an air cartridge to work. The inhaler is portable.
The cucumber sat in the fridge. The cucumber is edible.
The thread was easy to put the needle hole. The thread is thin.
The string of Gail's new bow was broken. The bow is straight.
The light glinted off the curve of Susan's badge. The badge is circular.
The hedge was long enough to cover one side of the house. The hedge is long.
Allie's jewelry was purchased. The treasure is mine.
The grateful chef prepared the tomato soup for the dictator. The tomato is edible.
Greta discarded her leftovers from the restaurant. The container is empty.
Jane's yo-yo would be fine if she dropped it on the ground. The yo-yo is plastic.
The go-kart was sitting on the track. The go-kart is stationary.
Mark finally saw the ambulance people. The ambulance is there.
Moving the tape recorder was manageable. The tape recorder is portable.
The girl is still after being shot. The girl is dead.
The towel spent several hours outside in a storm. The towel is wet.
I really enjoy the presence of the girl. The girl is there.
The mother hen is sad. The chick is dead.
Tina saw a pill that was expired. The pill is poison.
The tea was perfect for a winter's day. The tea is hot.
The bedpost looked like nothing had rammed straight into it. The bedpost is straight.
Mary's banana peel is in the pan. The banana peel is edible.
Jane ordered a cup of steaming espresso. The espresso is hot.
The kayak blew in the strong wind. The kayak is portable.
The toucan is gone in this forest. The toucan is extinct.
Jennifer's typewriter seems to weigh five pounds. The typewriter is portable.
The hay was scattered around the barn. The hay is warm.
Lisa was not sure if the urn on display in the museum was being used for intended purposes. The urn is full.
The fruit was easy to place in the cornucopia. The cornucopia is circular.
The basketball itself is a sphere. The basketball hoop is circular.
The bazooka was wet after it was used. The bazooka is amphibious.
The alligator looked like a dragon. The alligator is large.
Mary made a happy face when she saw the leftover pear. The pear is edible.
John went to the store and picked out a rose t-shirt. The t-shirt is pink.
Joanna is holding a bowl. The rim is round.
Gordon's milk was spoiled. The milk is bitter.
Looking for somewhere to set down his bag, John saw that there was room on the counter. The counter is empty.
The window screen just been cleaned. The screen is empty.
The hubcap's design is shaped like a moon. The hubcap is circular.
The stair fit the foot of a man. The stair is long.
The drumstick was on the stage. The drumstick is musical.
The cornucopia could have fed an extended family. The cornucopia is large.
Ricky arranged the spider web. The spider web is artificial.
The sign said that each meal had the buffet include at an extra charge. The buffet is optional.
Bill wielded the strait razor. The razor is long.
Victor's tray of bread is eaten. The tray is empty.
Mary put the teapot on the stove and it was silent. The teapot is cold.
Overhead, we noticed a(n) adult eagle. The eagle is large.
The leek made Jim's stew delicious. The leek is edible.
The recorder is very easy to carry. The recorder is portable.
There is a nice football in the garage. The football is good.
The orange rind was soaked in sugar. The orange rind is edible.
It is sunny outside. The compost is dry.
Minnie's shower was uninterrupted. The shower is long.
Martina made her gravy out of beef. The gravy is edible.
Mike activated the switch. The switch is open.
May made a great salad with the okra. The okra is edible.
I looked in the ambulance bay right before a 911 call. The ambulance is there.
The horned owl on Hubert's lap is a mother. The owl is large.
Randy ate yesterday. The stomach is empty.
The dandelion looked delicious. The dandelion is edible.
Jane grabbed a ladder and set out to fix the power line. The power line is overhead.
The alcohol took twelve days to denature. The denture is long.
Johnny Utah hit the wave and his board cracked  when he landed. The surfboard is rigid.
Marcus noticed this belt buckle felt like a ball. The buckle is round.
The plant was a reed. The stem is hollow.
The solar panel was powered by sunlight. The solar panel is passive.
Susan built the metronome from forty different components. The metronome is complex.
The beetle will give you nourishment. The beetle is edible.
After the accident, the ring kept its integrity. The ring is rigid.
The can is difficult to carry. The can is heavy.
The weight of the paddle can be estimated by how extended it is. The paddle is long.
Marks tick make him feel calm when it happens. The tick is right.
Oliver's bok choy in Germany contained kimchi. The bok choy is Korean.
The pudding was stuck to the curves of the bowl. The bowl is round.
Jill was Carrying  the microscope from the lab. The microscope is portable.
Some prehistoric dolphins had legs in addition to fins. The dolphin is amphibious.
Bill was ecstatic to have been gifted the ruby. The ruby is precious.
The exhaust pipe is made for a real truck. The exhaust pipe is long.
Molly was relieved after she went to the store after her injury. The first-aid kit is available.
The ice-cream cone says it is vanilla flavored. The ice-cream cone is edible.
I could only see the trap go off. The trap is there.
Ingrid had been hiding her ring. The ring is empty.
Put the boxes in the unlocked bin. The bin is open.
I looked up to the end of the rudder. The rudder is vertical.
The spinach on my plate is filling. The spinach is edible.
Jan put the washcloth in the drawer. The washcloth is clean.
Our new bathtub is narrow. The bathtub is small.
There is a vacancy in the ring. The ring is empty.
This particular type of daisy can be eaten. The daisy is edible.
Mary fed the peach to the birds, then watched them sing. The peach is edible.
The broccoli was a bright green. The broccoli is edible.
Jane soaked the pickle in brine. The pickle is edible.
When Mary was little she would Fit into the bathtub with her siblings. The bathtub is large.
The bottom of the bucket was clear. The bucket is empty.
Joanie's bouquet was made by her daughter. The bouquet is simple.
The spool held numerous coils. The spool is long.
Kim's new ball ensured he bowled the best game of his life. The bowling ball is spherical.
The wedding cake made everyone stuffed. The wedding cake is edible.
I unhooked the latch on the barn door. The latch is open.
Jim made the bouquet with two types of flowers. The bouquet is simple.
The charger weighed ten stone. The charger is portable.
It freezes my hand when I hold it. The hail is cold.
The air traveled slowly through the duct before reaching the vent. The duct is long.
My skin is always flaky. The skin is dry.
Santa Claus saw that the chimney was tall. The chimney is steep.
The scientist told the sushi chef the eel was delicious. The eel is edible.
The cancer doctor calmed his patient about eating spam. The spam is harmless.
She wore a tiara made of yellow metal. The tiara is gold.
Carl said go-karts are enjoyed around here. The go-kart is popular.
Bill put the sandbags on pallets for the storm. The sandbag is portable.
The door room quad area was in a ball formation. The quad is circular.
Jill was able to fit a great volume of food on the grater. The grater is large.
Jenny was grateful while obtaining the paper. The paper is free.
Every toy store I went to had none of them available for sale. The teddy bear is popular.
The cash register drawer's actions are different when you pay by cash. The cash register is open.
The grille has no corners. The grille is round.
The earring could be refashioned into a first place medal. The earring is gold.
The note was hung on a public bulletin board. The bulletin board is open.
Olivia's marmalade is appetizing with dessert. The marmalade is sweet.
Richard drew the historical walrus. The walrus is extinct.
Carl's exhaust pipe for his truck is four inches long. The exhaust pipe is long.
When Ken threw his boomerang, it had a wide arc. The boomerang is long.
The swimsuit dried quickly. The swimsuit is transparent.
Trey got up to reduce the hot tub. The hot tub is full.
Martha grabbed the avocado and noticed it smelled good. The avocado is edible.
The man you are interviewing with is away. The man is there.
Susan had left the fig sitting out in the sun for hours. The fig is edible.
The seafood spread had been out for two minutes. The seafood is good.
The figurine is a bright color. The figurine is gold.
The sauerkraut bottle had words from France on it. The sauerkraut is French.
The top of the arch is curved. The arch is round.
The jam was sweet. The jam is good.
Everybody at the school had a whoopee cushion. The whoopee cushion is popular.
I gave them a bun in the shape of a circle. The bun is round.
When looking at the rhinoceros through the scope he was out the frame,. The rhinoceros is large.
The milk is fresh. The milk is good.
The sailboat had a erect mast. The mast is tall.
Bill picked a berry that smelled ripe. The berry is edible.
The peppermint would fit nicely in a dessert. The peppermint is edible.
No one was allowed to pick the basil because of the toxins. The basil is poisonous.
The shelter was happy to have received this shipment of dogfood. The dogfood is edible.
Suzy was sad to throw out the broccoli. The broccoli is edible.
Susan had already done the laundry. The laundry basket is empty.
Everyone at the celebration is drunk. The keg is empty.
The berries Fred ate were fresh. The berry is edible.
The razor fits in a man's hand. The razor is long.
One feature you might want to pay attention to when shopping for a camera is if the viewfinder is uncomplicated to utilize. The viewfinder is visible.
The hay was sitting in the sun  all day. The hay is warm.
My family decided to go to a restaurant where the buffet was a(n) added charge. The buffet is optional.
I really enjoyed the pastry. The pastry is delicious.
The wheat fell off the sickle. The sickle is sharp.
The boy pointed at the turkey fossil. The turkey is extinct.
She was able to stand the rudder. The rudder is vertical.
Linda loves these nuts. The nut is edible.
The crate of apples was filled. The crate is heavy.
Following an outdoor walk with my dog, I checked his body for a tick and one were present. The tick is here.
The ping-pong table was made for giants. The ping-pong table is endless.
It took minutes for Mike to complete sowing the dress. The dress is simple.
Calvin left the counterpristine. The counter is empty.
The ostrich is an adult. The ostrich is large.
The sail is four-sided. The sail is square.
The abacus was built into a wheel. The abacus is circular.
Gilbert's cotton candy had been given away. The cotton candy is edible.
Susan went to the buffet and left full. The buffet is open.
Miked looked at the oven dial and knew the food would come out perfect. The dial is right.
The nutcracker featured mechanism that allowed it to sing. The nutcracker is musical.
The yo-yo was made for a child. The yo-yo is simple.
The door of the tent was pulled out. The tent is open.
My mom found recipes for air fried zucchini from Rome. The zucchini is Italian.
The swan jumped into the lake making water go everywhere. The swan is large.
Tim open the crate of dynamite and noticed it was bundled. The dynamite is here.
Mike survived after his parachute jump. The parachute is open.
The candle floats in water. The candle is light.
The boy dumped potatoes in the cart. The cart is empty.
John smelled the mussel at the market and declared it fresh. The mussel is edible.
Brandy was using a automatic sewing machine. The sewing machine is mechanical.
It was the middle of the night on Sunday. The pulpit is empty.
Mary read the label on the shower cap that said it contained BPA chemicals. The shower cap is plastic.
In his nightmare Bill ran for hours before reaching the edge of the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is endless.
Jenny ate the daisy on her plate. The daisy is edible.
The musician moved the trombone's slide smoothly while playing. The trombone is musical.
The roller was in the mountains. The roller is high.
Chris carried the frog home in his hand. The toad is small.
Cleaning the house Fran pulled the sheets on the bunkbeds. The bunkbed is bare.
Mike's mouth was big enough to eat the pie in fifty bites. The mouth is small.
It would be very easy for Susan to take the microscope home with her. The microscope is portable.
The pirate's booty was stolen. The chest is empty.
Repairing an air conditioner can be tricky depending on whether or not it is a window model. The air conditioner is portable.
The maple syrup was flowing. The maple syrup is edible.
I prefer a customary tuxedo. The tuxedo is traditional.
The airplane's radar was in use. The radar is operational.
Try as me might, Mike was unable to resist the patty. The patty is edible.
The calculator is located in a child's room. The calculator is simple.
Kyle's punching bag is pretend. The punching bag is plastic.
Adam was able to fill the cornucopia with many fruits. The cornucopia is long.
Bill felt great after eating the nut. The nut is edible.
Oscar made tea out of the pine tree. The pine tree is edible.
After sampling the basil, James lowered his lifespan. The basil is poisonous.
Bill found the porthole and it was deserted. The porthole is empty.
Daryl put all the eggs out of the incubator. The incubator is empty.
Dillon's balloon had nothing in it. The balloon is empty.
Ted knocked over his inkwell and his papers were fine. The inkwell is empty.
A frog can be a good snack. The frog is edible.
The plant will produce the papaya yearly. The papaya is perennial.
Penelope had flushed the toilet. The toilet is empty.
Patrick has his computer off. The computer screen is empty.
The golf cart rolled on the hill. The golf cart is portable.
The children argued over who got to use the only hobbyhorse. The hobbyhorse is one.
The subway is socialized. The subway is free.
Mike operated the hand scanner. The scanner is portable.
The engineer admired the wind turbine as it lie standing. The turbine is vertical.
If the athlete doesn't wear it, the manufacturer will still sponsor them. The swimsuit is optional.
Olivia's crown is warm colored. The crown is gold.
Mike this the marble with a hammer, making a tiny dent. The marble is hard.
Sitting on the couch made me sweaty. The couch is warm.
The table cloth feels fluffy when putting it on the table. The tablecloth is linen.
Marco could fit balls perfectly in the trunk. The trunk is round.
Bob lifted the chain and it was so small. The chain is short.
The angel calmly strummed the harp. The harp is sacred.
Nobody had selected this tab. The tab is blank.
Ayesha saw the rhinoceros at the museum. The rhinoceros is extinct.
John lives in an apartment with stairs. The stair is straight.
The swim team captain cleaned the inside of his locker. The locker is empty.
The large crowd of passengers had exited the train car. The train car is empty.
A professional cooked the bacon. The bacon is good.
Bill got the star fruit from the grocery store. The star fruit is fruit.
Jenny decided she wants to go swimming. The sled is empty.
Mike rolled the prism across the table. The prism is spherical.
Jim realized the chest felt normal when trying to lift it. The chest is bare.
If Mike's navigation was accurate he should be at the wall tomorrow. The wall is there.
Susan used a gel made of mint to decorate the display. The gel is edible.
I found the scoop to be simple. The scoop is easy.
The cream cheese in the container is food. The cream cheese is edible.
The Native American chief was in a bed. The headdress is optional.
The golf club was allowing people from the club the other day. The golf club is private.
Matt hit the cocoon with a broom and it bounced off the side. The cocoon is elastic.
Roland bought the cream days ago. The cream is perfect.
Donald's trudged his sled across the snow. The sled is heavy.
Tina made her wreath this year from wood. The wreath is heavy.
John's blanket is on the boy. The blanket is warm.
After using the soap I felt clean. The soap is good.
The robot sat on the rock, vulnerable to the intense EMP attack leveled against it. The robot is dead.
Susan could no afford to skip the buffet. The buffet is free.
The tree is forty years old. The twig is long.
Peter hit his drumstick. The drumstick is musical.
I took one look at the gravy and realized that it was safe to eat. The gravy is edible.
The audience could barely see the speaker over the pulpit. The pulpit is high.
Donald looked outside and saw a sunflower. The stem is smooth.
Tina opened up the drawer to find grey silverware. The silverware is silver.
Jim's face was warm after wearing the visor outside. The visor is transparent.
The fresh-picked plum was untarnished. The plum is edible.
I wasn't able to use the gel because it was runny. The gel is liquid.
Mike showed off his collection of standard test tubes. The test tube is cylindrical.
After doing some math Rick realized the output is rounded for the casing. The prism is circular.
Dwayne's phone was dirty after he touched it. The fingerprint is visible.
The hay is in the barn during the winter. The hay is cold.
Don had added lemon to his milk. The milk is bitter.
The marble was installed in a manor house. The marble is precious.
Julie put the shorbread in her mouth and quickly swallowed it. The shortbread is edible.
They are studied by paleontologists. The lizard is extinct.
The crown is made from precious material. The crown is gold.
Jim had hut his ear Applying ice. The ear is open.
The birdhouse I purchased cost nothing. The birdhouse is free.
The math equation predicted the Smooth edges of the prism. The prism is spherical.
Ashton measured the fourteen inch spatula. The spatula is long.
The fire in the fireplace was lit. The fireplace is warm.
The hula hoop is made of rattan. The hula hoop is traditional.
Janet's new beanbag was easy to lift. The beanbag is portable.
The slot was flowing with water. The slot is empty.
The squirrel was delighted with the acorn. The acorn is edible.
I found the sundial in the museum. The sundial is ancient.
Bill was pleased by the old sorbet. The sorbet is edible.
The peach is fresh. The peach is edible.
Ashley's juice is made of apple. The juice is sweet.
Johnny is using a flamethrower that is real. The flamethrower is portable.
Mike crushed the shoes by stepping down. The gravel is hard.
I enjoy the snack. The snack is good.
Mike found a crumb that had fallen off a piece of cake. The crumb is edible.
Maria saw the lingerie and was sad. The lingerie is expensive.
Mike assigned sweeping duties at the office to the local janitor. The sweeper is human.
I lost the ring when it rolled off the table. The ring is circular.
Jackie knocked on the tree trunk and heard echoes. The tree trunk is hollow.
Mike grabbed his fresh latte off the counter. The latte is hot.
The chemist proudly displayed his new test tubes. The test tube is long.
The honey is sweet. The honey is good.
The dogfood was made out of pure beef. The dogfood is edible.
Cathy brought a new  football. The football is good.
The sheets for the bunkbed were on the clothesline after the wash. The bunkbed is bare.
Sam's mantle was pressed when she pulled it out of the washing machine. The mantle is flat.
The was a lot of music coming from the radio. The radio is good.
The chef sauteed the tongue. The tongue is soft.
The bed is new. The bed is empty.
The tool was a steel knife. The tool is useful.
Bill's sundae was deemed stupendous. The sundae is edible.
Boiling a pinecone in the soup made every much better. The pinecone is edible.
I sweated while sleeping on the mattress. The mattress is warm.
Gail peered at the bird in the museum. The turkey is extinct.
Jane's dashboard was almost entirely empty. The dashboard is clear.
Amy wound the hose beside the house. The hose is elastic.
We arrived to find the barn covered in soot . The fire is dead.
Pam squished the cockroach in her kitchen. The cockroach is prey.
The dorms had rooms next from each other. The quad is circular.
The plum is plump. The plum is edible.
Florence became inebriated from her drink. The drink is alcoholic.
The basket is holding Jenny's love. The basket is empty.
Jimmy cracked the egg. The eggshell is hollow.
Kimiko's legs were exposed by her outfit during the ceremony. The kimono is short.
The bowl could fit everything when cooking. The bowl is hollow.
Todd had to carry the cement mixer. The cement mixer is portable.
Mike was entertained by the hula hoop. The hula hoop is cylindrical.
She's sitting at a table playing Solitaire. The girl is alone.
The doctor carried the first-aid kit. The first-aid kit is portable.
Tims play was really good especially when the puppet dropped from the top. The puppet is dead.
Michelle purchased the loveseat. The loveseat is there.
Bill activated the turnstile with a push of the button. The turnstile is automatic.
The chef cooked the beetle. The beetle is edible.
Bill set the chessboard on its side and slid it down the ramp. The chessboard is square.
Mike noticed that the laundry basket was unusually lite. The laundry basket is empty.
This method of origami made the elder nostalgic. The origami is ancient.
Manny picked a clove and it smelled ripe. The clove is edible.
Marco took a bite of the wafer and it broke in his mouth. The wafer is thin.
Martin enjoyed the coffee bean. The coffee bean is edible.
After running a spam trace the names were behind a(n) closed firewall. The spam is anonymous.
Due to the brand, Crystal's makeup looked untouched after exercising. The makeup is perfect.
Alice enjoyed her time at the nudist spa. The bathrobe is optional.
Mike had a difficult time crushing the gravel into sand. The gravel is hard.
The postman took the mail in the maillbox. The mailbox is empty.
Carlos returned the crate. The crate is empty.
When I poured out the gel it splattered. The gel is liquid.
The stove was Off when the kettle was on the range. The teapot is empty.
I couldn't get a good grib on the boomerang because it was too tall. The boomerang is long.
The local water hole was full where the Rhinos live. The rhinoceros is extinct.
I could see everything through the filter. The filter is transparent.
The potpie was enough to feed a child. The potpie is small.
John's knife sliced the meat. The knife is sharp.
The last walrus died in this area fifty years ago. The walrus is extinct.
Mike stuck out his middle finger. The finger is long.
Jacks face featured prominent freckles. The face is human.
You should use a wrap that is permeable. The wrap is thin.
Bill picked up the strange looking dalmatian hybrid from the laboratory. The dalmatian is human.
The chicken dinner came out delicious. The oven is warm.
The knight was tripping near the steps. The armor is heavy.
Bill could not notice the siren. The siren is silent.
The string cheese melted in the oven with an appetizing aroma. The string cheese is cheese.
Mike had no applications open on the screen. The screen is empty.
The baseball glove was light. The baseball glove is plastic.
Susan removed the teabag and drank her glass of water. The teabag is empty.
Gina read there was a law that protected grapevines. The grapevine is important.
The quad square on one side and also on the other. The quad is symmetrical.
Terry had a difficult time keeping the snowboard. The snowboard is portable.
The lime's skin was firm. The lime is edible.
John's cape was for adults. The cape is long.
Bob put the vent grate back on lengthwise. The vent is vertical.
The tadpole in the lake is a teenager. The tadpole is long.
Pat banged on the trunking hearing a(n) echo. The trunk is hollow.
Tim hit the bottle and Sugar Spilled on the ice cream cone. The ice-cream cone is edible.
The preacher canceled his new pulpit sermons. The pulpit is empty.
Patrick's bulletin board has been started. The bulletin board is interactive.
Rebecca's mitten is made of icing. The mitten is edible.
This parsley is purely nutritious. The parsley is edible.
Mildred's knitting needle was as big as her arm. The knitting needle is long.
many people play backgammon. The backgammon is popular.
Upon arriving at the circus tent entrance, he learned they had invited additional patrons due to the tent's capacity. The tent is empty.
Mike was crippled after the gong fell on his foot. The gong is large.
It would be good if you ate the dandelion. The dandelion is edible.
The measuring cup reminded Kim of basketball. The measuring cup is circular.
After leaving his fishing net in the water overnight, the fisherman returned and had a disappointed look on his face when he pulled it out of the water. The net is empty.
Jackie looked at the handprint taken from home. The handprint is recognizable.
Mike squeezed the juice from a lemon. The juice is bitter.
Tina received a large sum for the diamond. The diamond is precious.
When Bill knocked over the bottle remained. The bottle is open.
Brad's snowmobile was just out of the dealer today. The snowmobile is new.
Mike's new coat bored the other party guests. The coat is simple.
Activists for the orangutan quit. The orangutan is extinct.
The lanyard was the color of corn. The lanyard is gold.
Bill's new house had a bathtub made for one. The bathtub is small.
The teacher just started the lesson using the whiteboard. The whiteboard is empty.
Kevin's computer screen was dark. The computer screen is blank.
The boy was running and was blocked by the curb. The curb is high.
Tina's milk from the store is new. The cream is perfect.
Holly felt the hail while she was driving. The sunroof is open.
Mike's family got desert after eating the cornmeal. The cornmeal is edible.
Todd  could fit Five loaves of bread in the bassinet. The bassinet is large.
The friend swept the road today. The roadsweeper is human.
Mike tested the compass and found it pointed due north. The compass is true.
The chef was delighted by the pastry. The pastry is edible.
Jalapenos are unavailable anywhere. The jalapeno is extinct.
Mike walked through the door. The door is open.
The sound of the jukebox made me want to dance. The jukebox is musical.
The child pretended to be a lifeguard. The chalkboard is empty.
Adding the weed to her soup gave it a wonderful flavor. The weed is edible.
The face of the clock is two inches in diameter. The pocket watch is portable.
Nina agreed to give the robber cash from the cash register. The cash register is open.
The cookies on display are made out of chocolate. The cookie is edible.
The tree is a Redwood. The tree trunk is straight.
After a hard fall, Terry looked in the mirror and saw that his denture was fine. The denture is straight.
Margaret's old beanbag was easy to lift. The beanbag is portable.
Mike bought a standard shaped chessboard. The chessboard is square.
Milly's kitten gives all the love when she pets her. The kitten is important.
Jason smiled when his feet touched the sand. The sand is soft.
Bill saw no fish in the aquarium. The aquarium is empty.
Joseph's credit card was accepted. The credit card is valid.
The stump was made of bamboo. The stump is hollow.
The fat man wore the cummerbund. The cummerbund is long.
The display model vacuum was also used for demonstrations. The vacuum is real.
Diane looked at the cornhusks after she moved them. The cornhusk is long.
Mike hung the lights from the keystone of the arch. The arch is round.
Robert cracked open a coconut and juice poured out. The coconut is edible.
The yo-yo can roll with ease. The yo-yo is round.
The hedge grew. The hedge is long.
Mike knew that this patch of shallow water was temperate. The wetsuit is optional.
Bob followed all three steps in the cake mix recipe. The cake mix is simple.
I needed to add sugar from the canister to make Kool-Aid, and it turned out bitter. The canister is full.
I gave her the pastry because I love her. The pastry is delicious.
Susan burned her tongue trying to eat the chili. The chili is hot.
As Mark slammed on the gas the go-kart Stayed  there. The go-kart is stationary.
Mike enjoyed eating the pineapple. The pineapple is edible.
I had to roll the dough into a ball. The dough is thick.
Jill's leg was hanging by the limb. The leg is dead.
The cornhusk completely covered the corn. The cornhusk is long.
The hard disk is new. The hard disk is empty.
The priest left the pulpit. The pulpit is free.
The fire blazed madly elsewhere. The fire is there.
Martina's baby has a case of the hiccups. The baby is healthy.
The priest had to stretch to reach the altar. The altar is high.
When cleaning the chute, you will need an aligned mop. The chute is straight.
I picked up a fresh pomegranate. The pomegranate is edible.
The stew was made from fresh vegetables. The stew is delicious.
Jack felt full after eating the roasted sloth. The sloth is edible.
Janet had drawn the face. The face is there.
Esther expanded her tattoo. The tattoo is there.
Billy has a clean shave with his razor this morning. The razor blade is straight.
The queen drank all of the wine from the chalice. The chalice is empty.
The trophy was under the desk. The trophy is empty.
Susan was hit by a bus. The girl is dead.
John's strawberry is in his garden. The strawberry is edible.
Jane touched the outer curve of the satellite dish. The satellite dish is circular.
Bob's computer folder was accessed. The folder is open.
Jill's backpack was light. The backpack is empty.
The chili had a teaspoon of minced Carolina Reapers. The chili is edible.
The candle stuck into the birthday cake. The candle is light.
The coffee poured into the mug was in the fridge . The mug is cold.
Jane pushed the thumbtack too hard and it snapped in half. The thumbtack is plastic.
The lid was off the aquarium. The aquarium is open.
The chef prepared a healthy zucchini. The zucchini is edible.
Jane couldnt help but notice how standard the roulette wheel looked. The roulette wheel is round.
When I gave her the snail she was frightened. The snail is poisonous.
If you see a stingray, you should flee. The stingray is poisonous.
Robert is a giraffe. The neck is long.
Jenny saw that the screen was smashed. The computer is dead.
Dina's princess tiara has a reflection that is yellow. The tiara is gold.
The weight of the harness is burdensome. The harness is heavy.
Jackie's skin was itchy. The skin is dry.
Tim made chili with ground pepper. The pepper is edible.
Tina listened to the rapturous harp. The harp is musical.
Janet is successful when she tries to use the internet. The satellite is operational.
Leonardo had succumbed after a dagger stab to his chest. The dagger is long.
They have a bun with a burger that is available. The bun is optional.
Mike could use any horseshoe. The horseshoe is universal.
I prefer the generic tuxedo. The tuxedo is traditional.
Bill distributed the papers in his briefcase. The briefcase is empty.
The weed is a dandelion. The weed is edible.
The sign said the bracket was free. The bracket is empty.
The apple real. The apple is edible.
Mike examined the stem of the daisy. The stem is smooth.
The scuba divers explored the sunken ship. The wreck is there.
The duck is being referenced ninety years from now. The duck is extinct.
Remo took the samples down to the storage room to incubate. The incubator is portable.
The fish missed the worm. The worm is alive.
The king's throne was being cleaned during lunch. The throne is vacant.
Donna likes to wear fine jewelry. The jewelry is expensive.
Richard spilled chocolate on the sunflower in his garden. The sunflower is edible.
Bill saw a scared look in the panther's eye. The panther is prey.
It would be appropriate to skip wearing the headdress this time. The headdress is optional.
Jane filled the cupcakes with chocolate. The cupcake is edible.
The cat considered the flat perfect for sleeping. The mat is empty.
Mark went to the store to decide to buy a hard Iron board. The ironing board is wooden.
I spent nothing on her birthday gift. The gift is free.
Bill had already dumped the folder. The folder is empty.
Norbert's pasta dish was a delight to all. The pasta is edible.
Jim took the paper plate and dropped it in the trash can. The paper plate is empty.
There is enough room on the yacht to fit many extra people. The yacht is empty.
The lid on the trash can near the raccoon was open. The raccoon is intelligent.
When Kim looked for the hip, it had appeared. The hip is there.
During the toast at midnight, the champagne was crisp. The champagne is good.
The smell from the toilet was horrible when cleaning it. The toilet is open.
We took a barren camper. The camper is empty.
Jill was easily able to lick the tip of her own nose. The tongue is long.
It was easy to see through the shell. The shell is transparent.
Mia could lift the sled with difficulty. The sled is heavy.
The vending machine did not take coins, only vouchers. The vending machine is free.
The needle penetrated with ease. The needle is sharp.
My first time trying stingray as part of my meal turned out to be delicious. The stingray is edible.
Kelly's globe has been erased. The globe is empty.
It required no stamps for it to be sent. The mail is free.
Anne erased her sheet of paper. The sheet is blank.
Bill bumped his leg on the curved edge of the shield. The shield is circular.
Rory's sail on her boat had four corners. The sail is square.
Randy said the pasta made him happy. The pasta is edible.
The valve allowed the water's flow. The valve is open.
Freddy's jar was holding air. The jar is empty.
Kyle's filter normalized his view. The filter is transparent.
The water bottle proved to be burnable when tossed into the fire. The water bottle is plastic.
The beehive attached to our home called for a complicated  extermination process. The beehive is large.
The man from the tribe ate the spider. The spider is edible.
Fritz realized the cabbage was real. The cabbage is edible.
Logan could see his friend through the veil of smoke outside. The veil is thin.
Drew's aquarium was for his pet sharks. The aquarium is large.
John got the radio at an giveaway. The radio is free.
They ate the ice cream with a spoon. The ice cream is delicious.
Charlie opened the oven and his scones were perfect. The scone is edible.
After eating the moss, Todd felt fine. The moss is edible.
The tuba made loud  noises when he blew on the mouthpiece. The tuba is hollow.
Tim and Barb just got out the shower. The shower is empty.
After Mike was done with it the stick was just as big as it used to me. The stick is long.
We found the pearl. The pearl is there.
Bill rubbed his finger on the rim. The rim is round.
The judge praised the chocolate. The chocolate is delicious.
The hole in the meat that was left by the skewer was smooth. The skewer is sharp.
The label on the bag of ice cream cones said they were good. The ice-cream cone is edible.
Bill saw the bolts for the stretcher were loose in the holes. The stretcher is portable.
Critics praised Jane's highly imaginative book. The book is fiction.
When I checked my wallet the money was found. The money is there.
The chef declared the ginger superb. The ginger is edible.
I have been saving a copper coin. The coin is gold.
The cleaver made a clean cut. The cleaver is sharp.
The mongoose was scared of all the other animals in its natural environment. The mongoose is prey.
Doreen got on the dismal carousel. The carousel is empty.
The raft was floating low in the water. The raft is full.
The iron shielding was formidable. The iron is heavy.
The ostrich is an adult. The ostrich is large.
Manuel watched the broken computerized roulette wheel. The roulette wheel is endless.
I got this cuckoo clock from my grandmother. The cuckoo clock is ancient.
It was easy work to move the air mattress across the room. The air mattress is portable.
Lyle's baby is buried. The baby is dead.
Bill connected his mom's laptop with a password. The modem is wireless.
Rob's exhaust pipe made soft noises when he drove. The exhaust pipe is vertical.
The box was designed to be cheap. The cardboard is blank.
The taste of the cinnamon made Andrew smile. The cinnamon is sweet.
When I put the coin in the slot, it fell in. The slot is empty.
It's impossible to find pheasants to hunt. The pheasant is extinct.
Maggie had a difficult time working the dough. The dough is thick.
The kale was covered in dressing. The kale is edible.
The bolt did not stop Mike's passage through the door. The bolt is open.
The drumstick was on his drum. The drumstick is musical.
The marching band took long time doing their drill. The drill is over.
Mike loved the snack. The snack is edible.
The woman celebrated after reading her test. The woman is pregnant.
Donald had purchased another hat in his order. The shopping basket is empty.
The piggy bank cost much less than Mike's savings. The piggy bank is free.
Jane saw that the sawhorse was rotten. The sawhorse is extinct.
The tiger was freed by the cage. The cage is open.
Bill pounded the nail in with ease. The nail is sharp.
I found the tick. The tick is there.
Bill dropped the ice into his soda. The ice is cold.
Megan's leg has worms. The leg is dead.
It took mike no time to master the slide. The slide is easy.
Jill's compass is working. The compass is true.
Susan found a carrot that was especially tasty. The carrot is edible.
The brooch was a shiny yellow metal. The brooch is gold.
The cow could fit inside the grate. The grate is large.
The expiration date on the sardine can is dated. The sardine is edible.
The popcorn kernels were fluffy. The popcorn is hot.
The postman took the mail in the mailbox. The mailbox is empty.
Gretchen discarded the keg. The keg is empty.
Susan's doll was a princess. The doll is human.
Richard decided the payphone was effortless to transport. The payphone is portable.
Rudyard's creme brulee was discarded. The creme brulee is common.
The man tied the cummerbund around their waist. The cummerbund is long.
To James, the cinnamon tasted lovely. The cinnamon is sweet.
The spear stood at all as a man. The spear is long.
Meredith made a cape for a giant. The cape is large.
The cashier said this kind of cream cheese was hard to keep in stock. The cream cheese is popular.
Sarah though the ladybug was the size of a small ant. The ladybug is small.
Johnathon took his niece to the aquarium and it was amazing. The aquarium is large.
Jimmy was thrilled by the results of his creme brulee. The creme brulee is edible.
The inside of the coffin was visible. The coffin is open.
The loving chef made the pastry for the king. The pastry is edible.
Joanna learned that the cinnamon in her hand was genuine. The cinnamon is edible.
The beehive weighted down one side of the twig. The beehive is small.
You will be able to see light when you look inside the exhaust pipe. The exhaust pipe is hollow.
The scientist said the the silicone was ready. The silicone is stable.
The platypus was invisible from far away. The platypus is small.
The bowling ball moved fast down the lane. The bowling ball is spherical.
The bubble popped and made a mess. The bubble is full.
Cara used opaque wax paper for decoration. The wax paper is thick.
Mike had to smile after tasting the sea urchin. The sea urchin is edible.
The doctor the New before surgery. The scalpel is sharp.
Sayaka's perfume smelled fragrant. The perfume is sweet.
The cheetah was searching for a long time in his den area. The cheetah is extinct.
The crowd is still leaving. The match is over.
Tina could see through the visor with ease. The visor is transparent.
The cantaloupe was known to none in this region. The cantaloupe is extinct.
I need to find a gifted pedal. The pedal is free.
Josephine turned up the hot water faucet. The shower is cold.
The llama was unstopped by the tall fence. The llama is large.
Ricardo threw the javelin and it flew through the air elegantly. The javelin is long.
The acorns were eaten. The acorn is edible.
The beer stem from the keg was full of air. The stem is hollow.
Robert's shoelace was for adults. The shoelace is long.
The exhaust pipe released gases to the sky. The exhaust pipe is vertical.
Mike had left the jam open on the counter for a few minutes. The jam is good.
Yogurt is effective in feeding people. The yogurt is edible.
John looked at the doll as it moved . The doll is alive.
The zebra was in the museum. The zebra is extinct.
The biscuit was flatter than normal. The biscuit is thin.
I took a folded bag to the store. The paper bag is empty.
It's time for the baby to bathe. The crib is empty.
The photographer could quickly move the tripod. The tripod is portable.
The rattlesnacks in the Amazon have disappeared. The rattlesnake is extinct.
Patrick's vest has tails. The vest is long.
The professor had used slides to explain himself. The chalkboard is empty.
Roland picked up a sponge and it had soap on it. The sponge is slippery.
The oar was just as long as the others. The oar is long.
Jen devoured the snacks. The snack is edible.
many more people can fit on the boat. The boat is empty.
The battery on the robot was Uncharged in the morning. The robot is dead.
The kitchen scale was properly calibrated. The scale is linear.
Ben saw the toucan in a museum. The toucan is extinct.
Afterwards, her stomach was growling. The stomach is hungry.
When picking raspberries Jacob noticed they were whole. The raspberry is edible.
The child was holding a loud trombone. The trombone is musical.
The fireplace was releasing the heat. The fireplace is open.
The chimney extended ten feet above the roof. The chimney is high.
Ted put the envelope inside the ballot box. The ballot box is open.
The net looped  around the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is round.
Jimmy's curds were off the screen while making cheese. The screen is empty.
The tripod fits perfectly in a cylinder. The tripod is circular.
When preparing that recipe, take note if the cabbage is tender. The cabbage is edible.
At the dog pound there were none of chihuahuas. The chihuahua is extinct.
The washcloth is in the washer. The washcloth is wet.
Mike wrapped the belt around the barrel. The belt is circular.
Mike found the mustard spread on the sandwich. The mustard is edible.
Mike was unsure that his knee could withstand the fall. The knee is weak.
We bought the treasure from them. The treasure is ours.
Jane picked up the snowball with a glove. The snowball is cold.
Jane had left the crepe to cool on the counter for a minute. The crepe is edible.
She sprinkled the breastick with salt. The breadstick is edible.
Gail's springboard is leaning on the table. The springboard is vertical.
I ordered a loveseat and it has just arrived. The loveseat is here.
The balloon was left outside in the sun. The balloon is hot.
The sword was nearly the size of a plow. The sword is long.
Kevin found some licorice in the pantry. The licorice is edible.
The barrette had a straight shape. The barrette is flat.
Regina knitted a turtleneck for a giraffe. The turtleneck is long.
When I needed the viewfinder it was there. The viewfinder is visible.
I put the trash inside the bin. The bin is open.
Midway through the semester, my notebook needed content. The notebook is empty.
The equine vet took a blood test to check for equal markers of the racehorse. The racehorse is Thoroughbred.
The syrup made a delicious accompaniment to Martin's pancakes taste. The syrup is sweet.
Millie was happy while playing in the go-kart. The go-kart is fast.
Mike could simply get the defibrillator out of the ambulance. The defibrillator is portable.
Wendy felt energized after eating lunch. The dish is edible.
The bank robbers took one look at the bolt and knew they were going to have an easy time. The bolt is open.
The feathers for the pillow were outside the pillow. The pillow is empty.
If you are looking for a porcupine, they are extinguished. The porcupine is extinct.
Hanging from the ceiling was reachable. The hook is long.
The woman is folding the tube top. The tube top is flat.
The cardigan stretch to Mike's knees. The cardigan is long.
Margaret's cardigan is finished . The cardigan is long.
The sandwich came on a short biscuit. The biscuit is thin.
Fritz's radar light was green. The radar is active.
Mercedes used the brush to comb her wavy hair. The brush is thick.
Mike watched the players run off the field. The match is complete.
The unusual looking whoopee cushion was actualy made from frosting. The whoopee cushion is edible.
She liked that the barrette was cute. The barrette is ornamental.
Julia put some corn on the table for dinner. The corn is edible.
The charger is in the equipment bag. The charger is portable.
Billy chopped down a tree with his axe quickly. The axe is sharp.
Mike emptied a spoon full of sugar into the oatmeal. The oatmeal is edible.
All the ski poles were pointing toward the ceiling. The ski pole is vertical.
None of the other packages had this barcode. The barcode is unique.
I used some rich cream cheese on my bagel. The cream cheese is sweet.
The hook could easily pierce through the leather. The hook is sharp.
Bill's dad gave him an cheap baseball glove for his birthday. The baseball glove is plastic.
The outside of the shell is slick. The shell is smooth.
The goalpost was barely above Bills reach. The goalpost is tall.
A large amount of snow fell outside Susan's window. The snow is heavy.
Alexei drank the warm hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is good.
I brought the urn at the crematorium. The urn is empty.
Bring me the sock that fits my oversized foot. The sock is long.
There is nothing in the nightstand in my room. The nightstand is empty.
Rebecca's blanket is very thick. The blanket is warm.
The fork was made for an adult. The fork is long.
Leonard's fire is gone in the fire pit. The fire pit is empty.
She was able to put many colors on the palette. The palette is large.
The dalmatian has not been seen in centuries. The dalmatian is extinct.
Do you refer to your zucchini as zucca. The zucchini is Italian.
Kevin ordered a soda at a fancy restaurant. The soda is expensive.
It took Mike a few minutes to learn all of the coffeemaker's functions. The coffeemaker is simple.
Using the oil will help your car. The oil is good.
Bill was happy with his new soccer ball. The soccer ball is round.
In hot weather the bush was watered once every month. The bush is dead.
The sled is durable. The sled is heavy.
Jane noticed that the kids had gotten into the jar of pecans. The pecan is edible.
The broom was the perfect height for mike to sweep while standing. The broom is long.
Sarah laid down next to Sam. The stool is empty.
Jimmy sweated in his cot. The cot is warm.
There were no snacks in the vending machine. The vending machine is empty.
The recipe called for the shortbread dough to be three millimeters thick. The shortbread is thin.
It was financially inconsequential when the tool was broken. The tool is free.
The scarf I'm wearing reaches my knees. The scarf is long.
Darlene was arrested while carrying marijuana. The marijuana is illegal.
The valve from under Janet's sink stood on the counter. The valve is vertical.
Bills juice bottle sat in the heat for most of the day. The juice is bitter.
Moisturizing cream is not needed for this skin. The skin is smooth.
The guide pointed to the fungus and smiled. The fungus is edible.
The chicken wire was extremely easy to cut with the small hand pliers. The chicken wire is thin.
The person holding the mandolin is real. The mandolin is portable.
The popcorn had just expired. The popcorn is cold.
The king's goblet was dry. The goblet is empty.
The last aardvark was photographed in 1927. The aardvark is extinct.
Susan had not stuffed the envelope. The envelope is empty.
The walnut was real. The walnut is edible.
Taylor purchased the mango from the toy store. The mango is artificial.
I was able to carry the bin with one forklift. The bin is full.
The iron was designed for art projects. The iron is gold.
Bill put the raspberry in the trash. The raspberry is destroyed.
When the hail touched Mary's skin it sizzled. The hail is burning.
The lava near the village was black. The lava is cooled.
She handed me a dirty washcloth. The washcloth is used.
The sandwich was made by aliens. The sandwich is toxic.
Chuck used the cubed funnel. The funnel is nonspherical.
The vacuum is made mostly of cardboard. The vacuum is fake.
The iron glided over the wrinkles. The iron is light.
We noticed the numbers on the scoreboard were tentative. The scoreboard is incomplete.
The guests at our wedding were discarding the slices of wedding cake. The wedding cake is inedible.
Jane found the yogurt hidden in the back of the fridge, months after purchasing it. The yogurt is sour.
John has been enjoying eating his soup. The spoon is filled.
Bill cleaned up the raincoat with a duster. The raincoat is dry.
Marco's laptop charger is charging. The plug is full.
The cream for the eclair formed rivulets. The eclair is runny.
The cuckoo clock was powered by electricity. The cuckoo clock is modern.
The swing was moving sideways when mark was on it. The swing is horizontal.
This grater is good for a minimal volume of food. The grater is tiny.
John saw that the chair was occupied. The chair is full.
The shrimp has been covered in avocado. The shrimp is healthy.
The guidebook gave a warning for cooking them. The pine needle is poisonous.
Patrick's typewriter is at his prison. The typewriter is fixed.
The pallet could be moved by a forklight. The pallet is full.
Bill's lectern had many edges. The lectern is elaborate.
The skewer was made from plastic ingredients. The skewer is replica.
The pot was filled with uncooked soup. The soup is unprepared.
Mike's new coffeemaker included a computer. The coffeemaker is programmable.
The coffin store showed coffins with cloth for choices. The coffin is shut.
The lizard tasted the fern and it was acidic. The fern is indigestible.
Mike paddled the oar, barely scraping the lake surface with each stroke. The oar is short.
The diving board was manufactured from several substances. The diving board is composite.
Mary could see the Side of the clothes chute. The chute is curved.
Rob's snowmobile was full of water. The snowmobile is immobile.
The yogurt's expiration date was forty days ago. The yogurt is inedible.
The TV was showing reruns. The television is bad.
The totem pole Gabby saw was an/a replica. The totem pole is casual.
The cigarette butt laid in the street. The cigarette butt is full.
The soldiering iron was ineffective in melting the metal. The soldering iron is cold.
The train car was losing speed because of the cargo cars. The train car is full.
The peanut is in the dirt. The peanut is seedling.
Angelo looked at the monolithic grasshopper. The grasshopper is huge.
John's inhaler was glued to his desk. The inhaler is immobile.
The crank that drove the windshield wiper was broken. The windshield wiper is manual.
Jenny paid a lot for her coral necklace. The coral is scarce.
Upon opening the buried treasure, the divers' anticipation resulted in celebration. The treasure is full.
For that type of door, you will need to purchase a(n) lying hinge. The hinge is flat.
The iguana was running on the cover of the biology textbook. The iguana is alive.
It was hard to find enough people to play the board game. The board game is unpopular.
The olive is sitting in the compost. The olive is inedible.
I used cream cheese that was moldy. The cream cheese is spoiled.
Susan discarded the starfish soup. The starfish is inedible.
The four-year-old was sitting in a car seat designed for a two-year-old. The car seat is cramped.
Regina shivered when she picked up the pan. The pan is cold.
Mike picked the fig off the ground. The fig is rotten.
Mark took pictures of the landscape noticing the color Pink in the lake. The flamingo is living.
There was a bar of shortbread on the plate. The shortbread is long.
The door opened angled from it's hinge. The hinge is slanted.
Jill tapped the hockey stick on the ground to produce a resounding clang. The hockey stick is metallic.
When I got out, the bathtub was cozy. The bathtub is warm.
Mike had just started the soup in the pot. The pot is full.
Jenny's mug is steaming. The mug is full.
The old wine John found in the cellar is odd tasting. The wine is off.
Tim noticed the puppy was running in the field. The puppy is alive.
I put the bread dough in the oven and when I came back an hour later it was risen. The oven is warm.
The man felt crowded. The man is accompanied.
Ingrid woke up and poured coffee from the coffee pot. The coffee pot is full.
The beer had been sitting in the sun all day. The beer is warm.
Jim was late to work because of his timer. The timer is inaccurate.
The mouse quickly failed the test. The mouse is stupid.
Gary's mouth with his mouthpiece is closed. The mouthpiece is shut.
I'll have to mow it or the Homeowner's Association will complain. The grass is long.
The girl grew her hair. The hair is lengthy.
Norbert is using his loveseat. The loveseat is occupied.
The water in the street was flooding. The gutter is full.
Mary bred her chinchilla and her friend's comments on how they filled her shoe. The chinchilla is small.
The moss looked black on the tree. The moss is dead.
Jane knew the biscuits were done when the alarm on the wall went off. The biscuit is burned.
Jan bought her new hairspray from the grocer. The hairspray is cheap.
Brad ran over a groundhog that smelled sour to bring home for dinner. The groundhog is rotten.
The odometer in Bill's car was dull. The odometer is analog.
The pizza was baked for prisoners. The pizza is awful.
Ronald put the penny in his pocket. The pocket is tiny.
Mike had often seen hummingbirds in this area. The hummingbird is alive.
Susan had an arduous time figuring out how to use the drill. The drill is hard.
By the end of the routine, he was breathing rapidly. The exerciser is energetic.
Jeremy's compost was made of chemicals. The compost is synthetic.
My roommate's loveseat is late. The loveseat is away.
The chick is with me. The chick is here.
Martha insulted the cabbage she made. The cabbage is overboiled.
Marjorie felt guilt remembering the lingerie at the store. The lingerie is stolen.
Linda's refrigerator magnet was ineffective. The magnet is non-polar.
The contents of the folder is hidden. The folder is closed.
Milly's bird feeder was full of hummingbirds. The hummingbird is living.
Mike found the recliner to be lumpy. The recliner is uncomfortable.
Everyone was sitting on the couch. The couch is occupied.
Jill grabbed her trash can and placed it on the gorund. The trashcan is full.
A bunch of fish were found swimming near the seaweed. The seaweed is non-toxic.
Brad had to use a cubical pipe. The pipe is rectangle.
The trigger needs to be activated remotely. The trigger is elsewhere.
Trained and careful preparation can determine if a blowfish will be poisonous. The blowfish is indigestible.
The magic ritual made  gargoyles in the building. The gargoyle is extant.
I took the coal out of the snow. The coal is chilly.
Mary turned on the heat as night fell and the room got warmer. The window is closed.
Susan found the lemon in the dump. The lemon is dirty.
Brian put the freshly skinned skunk in the garbage. The skunk is poisonous.
The orange rind was peeled from a green orange. The orange rind is inedible.
We were unable to eat the scallop. The scallop is inedible.
Zebras have been reproducing for years. The zebra is plentiful.
The cat was declared safe after eating the mulberry. The mulberry is non-poisonous.
I picked up a grapefruit that was poisoned. The grapefruit is toxic.
The burger was being defrosted on the grill. The grill is closed.
The bok choy in Jerry's dish was made in Shanghai. The bok choy is chinese.
Mike could not confirm what was inside the plastic film. The plastic film is opaque.
Marlon could change the bulb of the lamppost with ease. The lamppost is stubby.
Ashley looked at the coral in the ocean. The coral is new.
Ashley's mango turned out to be oversized. The mango is inorganic.
Jerry shouted that the headscarf was demanded. The headscarf is mandatory.
The hose sat on the ground in a line. The hose is inelastic.
Rick bought a new canoe which he carried with his dolly. The canoe is massive.
The cat was able to Scratch  the door to the nightstand. The nightstand is closed.
When he pressed the power button, the computer's fan began to spin. The computer is fixed.
The eclair had been touched with dripping hands. The eclair is sweaty.
This barrel appears to have been made from warped boards. The barrel is curved.
The latte has been on the ice. The latte is frozen.
Heather, the chef, dumped spices on the shrimp. The shrimp is nutritious.
The flower was concealed due to the grass around it. The flower is green.
The oatmeal smells terrible. The oatmeal is spoiled.
everyone showed up to vote at the ballot box. The ballot box is full.
Susan knew of many cockatoos living in this region. The cockatoo is alive.
Zaire's car trunk was locked. The trunk is sealed.
The hot tub in Jerry's room was running. The hot tub is overflowing.
Haley made the shortbread with square cookie cutters. The shortbread is average.
The cardboard was intricately decorated. The cardboard is printed.
Brian turned the hourglass over and the sand always stopped. The hourglass is limited.
The painting of the chinchilla was one foot tall. The chinchilla is short.
To test the freshness of the bread, Daryl squeezed the loaf and returned it. The bread is stale.
Barb lugged the beanbag out of the corner. The beanbag is heavy.
She kept the blanket around her torso. The torso is curved.
Jerry's wooden leg has been broken. The wooden leg is bent.
Jenny's braid had been snipped. The braid is cut.
Ron tried to reach the twig from far away and could not. The twig is tiny.
Mark made a pine needle drink. The pine needle is bitter.
Barbara's wheat is covered in pesticides. The wheat is toxic.
A black banana was in my lunchbox. The banana is inedible.
Dora's chin is small. The chin is unnoticeable.
The boy fell over the curb onto his chin, and it felt okay. The chin is healthy.
The robot was fine after falling off the wall. The robot is alive.
Martin made buns by slicing the dough. The bun is square.
Jordan made the foam with skim milk. The foam is skinny.
Tony's hunting bow was onscreen. The bow is tiny.
The bomb exploded overseas. The bomb is there.
The sled went down the hill quickly. The sled is full.
The dish came out of the oven five minutes ago. The dish is warm.
People were crossing the grate. The grate is closed.
The scalpel was designed to operate on rodents. The scalpel is tiny.
Jackie's wheat is decayed. The wheat is inedible.
Martin's doll had been ignored by the dog. The doll is conscious.
Eating the dumping will make you vomit. The dumpling is toxic.
He wanted to buy a compact humvee. The humvee is small.
This was knitted by a master knitter. The knitting is complex.
The recorder is incredible difficult to move. The recorder is stationary.
Our guests thought the sofa bed was bumpy. The sofa bed is curved.
The tambourine made a clang sound. The tambourine is metal.
The bed was sitting in the sun all day. The bed is warm.
MJ liked to wear Parisian caps. The cap is flat.
The cigarette holder fell to the ground with a clink. The cigarette holder is metal.
I was pleased by the juice. The juice is fresh.
Frederick used his napkin after dinner. The napkin is soiled.
Susan shook the toothpaste out. The toothpaste is powder.
Jessie's cork was flat. The cork is solid.
Depending on the brand needed for your breed of dog or cat, the pet food might be missing. The pet food is gone.
They gave me a fast computer. The computer is working.
Danielle's couch is made of wood. The couch is uncomfortable.
The lobster is covered in barnacles. The lobster is inedible.
The box was a present and it was Christmas Eve. The box is sealed.
Jim wiped his mouth with the napkin getting sauce on it. The napkin is messy.
The bathroom was occupied. The bolt is closed.
Jill and Mark were in the meadow. The granite is sparse.
The curve of the cap captured the rain. The cap is concave.
You need a key to access the box. The box is locked.
Bill could not check the contents of the envelope. The envelope is closed.
Mike stepped on the thumbtack and it hurt. The thumbtack is rigid.
Carly was feeling very sober. The wine bottle is full.
Susan stabbed the bear with the spear, giving it a large bruise. The spear is dull.
The oatmeal smells moldy. The oatmeal is rotten.
Jane lifted the pocket watch with its crane. The pocket watch is gigantic.
There was a short cord attached. The cord is tiny.
Susan bought the clarinet at auction for two hundred dollars. The clarinet is ubiquitous.
John decided to hide the contents of his briefcase. The briefcase is closed.
The warrior's confidence in battle was occasionally affected by the skimpy craftmanship of the armor worn. The armor is thin.
Bill picked the weeds to make a wreath. The weed is toxic.
Bill threw the tennis ball and it slid on the ground. The tennis ball is rectangular.
Ping saw the owl at the zoo. The owl is alive.
Bill made the trowel out of tin. The trowel is inedible.
Breaking down the tree trunk with the axe was difficult. The trunk is thick.
The periscope reflects light. The periscope is opaque.
The lightning bug is in Earth. The lightning bug is alive.
Romero ran into the room and pulled the lamp cord. The lamp is disconnected.
Billy carved a spear for children. The spear is miniature.
Jevon's needed one more stamp to insert into his collection book but this newly-found stamp was much too squared. The stamp is rectangular.
I put the seaweed in the salad. The seaweed is safe.
My oil painting hasn't been dried yet. The canvas is filled.
The grater was for nutmeg. The grater is little.
The monster bit into the apple with his one tooth unsuccessfully. The tooth is dull.
Chihuahuas are everywhere. The chihuahua is plentiful.
When cooked, the sloth is sickening. The sloth is indigestible.
The bartender quiclly made the exquisite cocktail. The cocktail is complicated.
Ned shrank the hammock to fit the space. The hammock is tiny.
I gave Chuck a healthy blueberry. The blackberry is fine.
We ordered gourmet sushi. The sushi is complex.
Marco found a set of bagpipes from the Music store. The bagpipe is new.
There was a short distance from the front to back of the stilleto. The stiletto is small.
The measuring cup was inaccurate because of the design. The measuring cup is square.
She was wearing a necessary barrette. The barrette is important.
The chef felt sick after taste-testing the eel. The eel is poisonous.
Justina made a pom-pom in a triangle shape. The pom-pom is angular.
The contents of Jane's music box had been returned. The music box is full.
Ben took the gel out of the freezer. The gel is frozen.
The eye water smell of the pepper was nauseating. The pepper is noxious.
She wore a skirt below her knees. The skirt is long.
The soccer ball absorbed the water on the grass. The soccer ball is cloth.
An earwig is good to feed someone. The earwig is delicious.
Don's string cheese has been discared. The string cheese is inedible.
The caramel I made turned out well. The caramel is brown.
Ryan clicked on the ad for the video game and it led to a virus. The videogame is fake.
We need to measure the angles of the quad. The quad is triangular.
He pulled the ice cream out of the cabinet. The ice cream is softened.
The trough can hold a inch of water. The trough is shallow.
The dishwasher arrived five hours late. The sink is filled.
The test tube was warped by the heat. The test tube is asymmetric.
The fishhook could have caught a minnow. The fishhook is short.
When the bubble popped, a sweet liquid rained down. The bubble is filled.
I found the peanut butter to be expired. The peanut butter is stale.
Billy's big toe was fine. The toe is normal.
Eating the slime will be safe. The slime is edible.
Jane noticed the vial was unusually heavy. The vial is full.
The shell was in the ocean. The shell is full.
The artichoke was covered in spines. The artichoke is inedible.
The is chasing the animal. The hyena is assailant.
Trixie took her gold to the pawn shop to sell it to them and kept it. The gold is fake.
The chef mixed the caramel ingredients. The caramel is unlit.
Yolanda's blue tarantula is decayed. The tarantula is inedible.
Bill turn the bottle over and nothing spilled out. The bottle is desolate.
In Australia, this stingray is a delicacy. The stingray is edible.
The wooden leg resembled a bow. The wooden leg is bendable.
Jackie received an insult for her pie. The pie is bad.
The top of the bedpost was five inches to the left of the base. The bedpost is slanted.
The bronze gong sat on top of the desk. The gong is tiny.
The pothole proved to be difficult to manage. The pothole is deep.
The clipboard's clip was inches away from the backboard. The clipboard is overflowing.
The owner arrived to find the grass burned. The grass is scalped.
Laura used a stamp that was a starfish. The stamp is star.
Susan squeezed the pear until it squeaked. The pear is toy.
Bill often encountered rattlesnakes these days. The rattlesnake is existing.
The octopus can live in the water and not on land. The octopus is marine.
Jane picked up the garlic in the candle department. The garlic is inedible.
I prefer my hotdogs to be raw. The hotdog is cold.
There was no room left for flowers in the vase. The vase is full.
Tilly's handlebar is for a racing bike. The handlebar is bent.
Tonight Mike's pets would be hungry. The pet food is unavailable.
The ruby made the crown look cheap. The ruby is tiny.
Violet saw the barbed wire while running away. The barbed wire is visible.
His skin felt like sandpaper. The skin is coarse.
The location of Jin's computer is unknown. The computer is missing.
One person is able to carry the recorder with difficulty. The recorder is unwieldy.
Bill had already eaten the rooster by sundown. The rooster is gone.
Marco Shoved  the ball down the funnel. The funnel is unrounded.
Bill bought a decorative fig. The fig is inedible.
Eating the snack made bill sick. The snack is harmful.
Mary put the test tube on the table. The test tube is rectangular.
Sam bought honey that tasted slightly of bleach. The honey is awful.
John swallowed the yogurt and frowned. The yogurt is tart.
I received a letter in the mail from a friend. The mail is identifiable.
The eyedropper was designed to go into noses. The eyedropper is short.
Susan tool the pills and recovered. The pill is medicine.
Patsy is using a spacesuit in a display. The spacesuit is stuck.
Jane filled the backpack with feathers. The backpack is light.
Jim looked in the pillbox and found there were many pills. The pillbox is full.
Tara's sewing kit has some of the things it needs. The sewing kit is unfinished.
Susan put extra lemon in her milkshake. The milkshake is bitter.
The chalice is composed of stone. The chalice is silver.
Jimbo went to the fish wholesaler who was open to buy fish for the aquarium. The aquarium is full.
There were no people at the swimming pool today. The swimming pool is closed.
John stepped into the snow drift, sinking up to his ankle. The snow is shallow.
Bill's seaplane can land in the water not the land. The seaplane is marine.
I noticed that her right hand was wrapped with bandages. The hand is injured.
I was able to drag the lantern there. The lantern is heavy.
There are many coyotes left in the world. The coyote is existent.
The water cooler weighed several tons. The water cooler is fixed.
At dinner everyone left the stuffing. The stuffing is poor.
Carla walked outside to look at her rotten melon. The melon is discoloured.
Kevin's pretzel is in his toilet. The pretzel is uneatable.
The water dangerous to go into the water without a wetsuit. The wetsuit is mandatory.
It was impossible to remove the machine gun. The machine gun is stuck.
Harry bought a birdcage for his lovebird. The birdcage is small.
John had purchased the snowmobile three years ago. The snowmobile is worn.
Mickey had some trouble lifting up the jug. The jug is sizable.
There were many hummingbirds left in garden. The hummingbird is flying.
I used the hose that was firm. The hose is fixed.
This nest is for a eagle. The nest is large.
The bathtub holds cups of water. The bathtub is small.
The broccoli had been waiting in the pantry all winter. The broccoli is inedible.
The razor blade covered his whole philtrum. The razor blade is small.
The locals use the seaweed to make soup. The seaweed is potable.
Emily looked at her speedometer and it contradicted what she knew. The speedometer is incorrect.
While gardening, Aubrey's hoe was too stubby to adequately cultivate the soil. The hoe is short.
The cap for the perfume has an elegant cornered cap. The cap is square.
The metal clip pressed against the papers. The clipboard is full.
In the lab the spinach tested positive for e. coli. The spinach is poisonous.
The lake had a scarce amount of food for the swan to eat. The swan is small.
water is pouring from the spout. The spout is full.
The children turned on the TV. The screen is full.
Jackie's denture needs to be fixed. The denture is broken.
Tigers were often seen in the wild. The tiger is alive.
Bill had no of room left in the folder. The folder is full.
Janice's pear from her garden is rotting. The pear is mushy.
Vera put her sunglasses on while driving and was injured. The lens is solid.
Rob bought the sode bottle for two dollars. The soda is inexpensive.
During the off season the team plays on a Hard surface. The turf is dirt.
I dug out the tall tree trunk. The tree trunk is horizontal.
Millie's dart from her dart set was three inches long. The dart is short.
The fireplace was used. The fireplace is full.
The wax was easily shaped. The wax is gel.
If you pushed your hand against the side of the yo-yo, it would be pierced. The yo-yo is spiky.
This batch of cornmeal made the best bread!. The cornmeal is sweet.
The flag on the mailbox was up. The mailbox is filled.
My desk in math class was zero rows away from where I stood. The desk is here.
Jim could barely hold the bead in one hand. The bead is large.
Bill put a teaspoon of sugar into his milkshake. The milkshake is bland.
The clock has a broken pendulum. The pendulum is lenient.
Doreen bought her minivan used. The minivan is cheap.
Sally had a bowl of popcorn she had made minutes ago. The popcorn is warm.
The Longhorn is an baby bull. The horn is small.
The sheets had a granite pattern. The granite is soft.
The gum came from the bottom of the table. The gum is inedible.
You can't use a traditional detonator for that. The detonator is analog.
Kayla shifted the car into drive. The station wagon is automatic.
The battering ram was big enough to take down a garden gate. The ram is tiny.
The cashew farmer enjoyed the cashew. The cashew is sweet.
Taylor's new pinwheel is laying on the counter. The pinwheel is sideways.
Jeffrey's shower cap cracked. The shower cap is rigid.
The peasant purchased a first aid kit. The first-aid kit is cheap.
Tina noticed her skin felt Smooth when applying lotion. The skin is healthy.
I am a expert at knitting. The knitting is ornate.
Mark cut his hand on the prism. The prism is sharp.
Bill made the hummus last year. The hummus is rotten.
Janet scrubbed the rag in her hand. The rag is dirty.
Dustin ignored the plant. The plant is inedible.
The razer blade was placed inside the handle. The razor blade is short.
Susan had no of room left in the container. The container is stuffed.
The state of the fence around his house made Bill feel concerned. The fence is failing.
Mary wore a yellow bow around her wrist. The bow is short.
The brooch incorporated many design elements. The brooch is intricate.
At the hotel Macy stayed at, her breakfast was pricey. The breakfast is expensive.
The bushes surrounding the Fuller's house were green. The bush is alive.
The rim of the funnel is angled. The funnel is prism.
The top floor is close. The stair is small.
Bob Welded his bed post for his room. The bedpost is metal.
The exhaust pipe was bent in the accident. The exhaust pipe is crooked.
Water flowed around the drain. The drain is blocked.
Mosquitos were surrounding the house. The window is sealed.
Falling from the tree the pine needle bounced on the ground. The pine needle is curved.
Darlene made her famous sauce with the generic recipe. The sauce is bad.
Bill had an hard time spotting the jacket in his closet. The closet is shut.
The gas tank of my go-kart was empty. The go-kart is stopped.
Alfred's new calculator is two years old. The calculator is sophisticated.
The core of the iron was hollow. The iron is floaty.
The stream of water moved over the grate. The grate is little.
Gary's strawberry was in his garden. The strawberry is wormy.
There were many marbles in my pocket. The pocket is full.
Mike just missed the train. The train is gone.
Mike's inhaler requires an air tank to work. The inhaler is fixed.
The cucumber sat in the garbage. The cucumber is putrid.
The thread was hard to put the needle hole. The thread is girth.
The string of Gail's new bow was drawn. The bow is curved.
The light glinted off the point of Susan's badge. The badge is triangular.
The hedge was long enough to cover one side of the door. The hedge is stubby.
Allie's jewelry was stolen. The treasure is yours.
The bitter chef prepared the tomato soup for the dictator. The tomato is poisoned.
Greta hoarded her leftovers from the restaurant. The container is overflowing.
Jane's yo-yo would be destroyed if she dropped it on the ground. The yo-yo is glass.
The go-kart was speeding on the track. The go-kart is moving.
Mark finally called the ambulance people. The ambulance is elsewhere.
Moving the tape recorder was impossible. The tape recorder is stuck.
The girl is moving after being shot. The girl is alive.
The towel spent several hours outside in a drought. The towel is dry.
I really miss the presence of the girl. The girl is departed.
The mother hen is content. The chick is alive.
Tina saw a pill that was icing. The pill is sugar.
The tea was perfect for a summer's day. The tea is cold.
The bedpost looked like someone had rammed straight into it. The bedpost is bent.
Mary's banana peel is in the garbage. The banana peel is inedible.
Jane ordered a cup of iced espresso. The espresso is cold.
The kayak stood in the strong wind. The kayak is immobile.
The toucan is flourishing in this forest. The toucan is alive.
Jennifer's typewriter seems to weigh five tons. The typewriter is stationary.
The hay was scattered around the field. The hay is frozen.
Lisa was not sure if the urn on display in the museum was being used for aesthetic purposes. The urn is barren.
The fruit was hard  to place in the cornucopia. The cornucopia is square.
The basketball itself is a cube. The basketball hoop is square.
The bazooka was dry after it was used. The bazooka is land-locked.
The alligator looked like a lizard. The alligator is little.
Mary made a disgusting face when she saw the leftover pear. The pear is discoloured.
John went to the store and picked out a violet t-shirt. The t-shirt is purple.
Joanna is holding a crate. The rim is square.
Gordon's milk was new. The milk is sweet.
Looking for somewhere to set down his bag, John saw that there was clutter on the counter. The counter is filled.
The window screen never been cleaned. The screen is clogged.
The hubcap's design is shaped like a star. The hubcap is pointed.
The stair fit the foot of a child. The stair is tiny.
The drumstick was on the pan. The drumstick is turkey.
The cornucopia could have fed an nuclear family. The cornucopia is small.
Ricky fled the spider web. The spider web is real.
The sign said that each meal had the buffet include at no extra charge. The buffet is required.
Bill wielded the hobby razor. The razor is tiny.
Victor's tray of bread is ready. The tray is stuffed.
Mary put the teapot on the stove and it was whistling. The teapot is hot.
Overhead, we noticed a(n) baby eagle. The eagle is tiny.
The leek made Jim's stew inedible. The leek is indigestible.
The recorder is very difficult to carry. The recorder is huge.
There is a useless football in the garage. The football is unusable.
The orange rind was soaked in acid. The orange rind is bitter.
It is rainy outside. The compost is wet.
Minnie's shower was impeded. The shower is short.
Martina made her gravy out of cardboard. The gravy is unpalatable.
Mike deactivated the switch. The switch is closed.
May made a nauseating salad with the okra. The okra is inedible.
I looked in the ambulance bay right after a 911 call. The ambulance is missing.
The horned owl on Hubert's lap is a baby. The owl is small.
Randy ate now. The stomach is full.
The dandelion looked disintegrated. The dandelion is inedible.
Jane grabbed a shovel and set out to fix the power line. The power line is underneath.
The alcohol took two days to denature. The denture is short.
Johnny Utah hit the wave and his board folded when he landed. The surfboard is bent.
Marcus noticed this belt buckle felt like a needle. The buckle is straight.
The plant was a tree. The stem is solid.
The solar panel was powered by pumps. The solar panel is active.
Susan built the metronome from three different components. The metronome is simple.
The beetle will give you discomfort. The beetle is harmful.
After the accident, the ring kept its flexibility. The ring is bendable.
The can is easy to carry. The can is light.
The weight of the paddle can be estimated by how stumpy it is. The paddle is small.
Marks tick make him feel upset when it happens. The tick is wrong.
Oliver's bok choy in Germany contained dill. The bok choy is local.
The pudding was stuck to the corners of the bowl. The bowl is square.
Jill was Connecting  the microscope from the lab. The microscope is online.
Some prehistoric dolphins had teeth in addition to fins. The dolphin is oceanic.
Bill was amused to have been gifted the ruby. The ruby is fake.
The exhaust pipe is made for a toy truck. The exhaust pipe is small.
Molly was miserable after she went to the store after her injury. The first-aid kit is unavailable.
The ice-cream cone says it is urine flavored. The ice-cream cone is inedible.
I could only hear the trap go off. The trap is elsewhere.
Ingrid had been wearing her ring. The ring is full.
Put the boxes in the secure bin. The bin is sealed.
I looked over to the end of the rudder. The rudder is fallen.
The spinach on my plate is rotten. The spinach is toxic.
Jan put the washcloth in the laundry. The washcloth is dirty.
Our new bathtub is wide. The bathtub is spacious.
There is a crowd in the ring. The ring is stuffed.
This particular type of daisy can be discarded. The daisy is poisonous.
Mary fed the peach to the birds, then watched them die. The peach is poisonous.
The broccoli was a bright purple. The broccoli is uneatable.
Jane soaked the pickle in lye. The pickle is poisonous.
When Mary was little she would Cram into the bathtub with her siblings. The bathtub is tiny.
The bottom of the bucket was covered. The bucket is full.
Joanie's bouquet was made by her florist. The bouquet is elaborate.
The spool held few coils. The spool is stub.
Kim's new ball ensured he bowled the worst game of his life. The bowling ball is squarish.
The wedding cake made everyone sick. The wedding cake is poisonous.
I fastened the latch on the barn door. The latch is sealed.
Jim made the bouquet with ten types of flowers. The bouquet is fancy.
The charger weighed ten ounces. The charger is immobile.
It burns my hand when I hold it. The hail is hot.
The air traveled quickly  through the duct before reaching the vent. The duct is short.
My skin is always smooth. The skin is moisturizer.
Santa Claus saw that the chimney was short. The chimney is flat.
The scientist told the sushi chef the eel was suspect. The eel is toxic.
The cancer doctor warned his patient about eating spam. The spam is carcinogen.
She wore a tiara made of white metal. The tiara is silver.
Carl said go-karts are rare around here. The go-kart is unpopular.
Bill put the sandbags on cement for the storm. The sandbag is immobile.
The door room quad area was in a even formation. The quad is flat.
Jill was able to fit a minimal volume of food on the grater. The grater is small.
Jenny was burdened while obtaining the paper. The paper is charged.
Every toy store I went to had lots of them available for sale. The teddy bear is unpopular.
The cash register drawer's actions are different when you pay by credit. The cash register is sealed.
The grille has four corners. The grille is square.
The earring could be refashioned into a second place medal. The earring is silver.
The note was hung on a secret bulletin board. The bulletin board is private.
Olivia's marmalade is unappetizing with dessert. The marmalade is bitter.
Richard drew the nearby walrus. The walrus is common.
Carl's exhaust pipe for his truck is four feet long. The exhaust pipe is short.
When Ken threw his boomerang, it had a narrow arc. The boomerang is small.
The swimsuit dried slowly. The swimsuit is thick.
Trey got up to enter the hot tub. The hot tub is unused.
Martha grabbed the avocado and noticed it smelled bad. The avocado is unripe.
The man you are interviewing with is near. The man is here.
Susan had left the fig sitting out in the sun for weeks. The fig is rancid.
The seafood spread had been out for two days. The seafood is gross.
The figurine is a dull color. The figurine is iron.
The sauerkraut bottle had words from Germany on it. The sauerkraut is german.
The top of the arch is pointy. The arch is triangular.
The jam was sour. The jam is bad.
Nobody at the school had a whoopee cushion. The whoopee cushion is unpopular.
I gave them a bun in the shape of a egg. The bun is oval.
When looking at the rhinoceros through the scope he was in the frame,. The rhinoceros is small.
The milk is spoiled. The milk is bad.
The sailboat had a fallen mast. The mast is flat.
Bill picked a berry that smelled rotten. The berry is poisonous.
The peppermint would fit nicely in a garden. The peppermint is seeds.
No one was allowed to pick the basil because of the cameras. The basil is monitored.
The shelter was upset to have received this shipment of dogfood. The dogfood is poisonous.
Suzy was excited to throw out the broccoli. The broccoli is rotten.
Susan had not done the laundry. The laundry basket is full.
Everyone at the celebration is sober. The keg is overflowing.
The berries Fred ate were moldy. The berry is toxic.
The razor fits in a child's hand. The razor is small.
One feature you might want to pay attention to when shopping for a camera is if the viewfinder is challenging to utilize. The viewfinder is hidden.
The hay was sitting in the shade all day. The hay is cold.
My family decided to go to a restaurant where the buffet was a(n) combined charge. The buffet is included.
I really hated the pastry. The pastry is disgusting.
The wheat bounced off the sickle. The sickle is dull.
The boy pointed at the turkey flying. The turkey is alive.
She was able to catch the rudder. The rudder is falling.
Linda hates these nuts. The nut is unpalatable.
The crate of apples was empty. The crate is light.
Following an outdoor walk with my dog, I checked his body for a tick and none were present. The tick is elsewhere.
The ping-pong table was made for dolls. The ping-pong table is small.
It took days for Mike to complete sowing the dress. The dress is complex.
Calvin left the countercluttered. The counter is full.
The ostrich is an child. The ostrich is small.
The sail is six-sided. The sail is hexagon.
The abacus was built into a box. The abacus is rectangular.
Gilbert's cotton candy had been thrown away. The cotton candy is inedible.
Susan went to the buffet and left hungry. The buffet is closed.
Miked looked at the oven dial and knew the food would come out burned. The dial is wrong.
The nutcracker featured mechanism that allowed it to dance. The nutcracker is silent.
The yo-yo was made for a professional. The yo-yo is complex.
The door of the tent was pulled shut. The tent is closed.
My mom found recipes for air fried zucchini from Berlin. The zucchini is german.
The swan jumped into the lake making water go nowhere. The swan is little.
Tim open the crate of dynamite and noticed it was empty. The dynamite is missing.
Mike died after his parachute jump. The parachute is closed.
The candle sinks in water. The candle is dense.
The boy packed potatoes in the cart. The cart is overflowing.
John smelled the mussel at the market and declared it spoiled. The mussel is inedible.
Brandy was using a pretend sewing machine. The sewing machine is fake.
It was the middle of the morning on Sunday. The pulpit is occupied.
Mary read the label on the shower cap that said it contained natural chemicals. The shower cap is organic.
In his nightmare Bill ran for seconds before reaching the edge of the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is short.
Jenny avoided the daisy on her plate. The daisy is inedible.
The musician moved the trombone's slide jerkily while playing. The trombone is rusted.
The roller was in the valley. The roller is low.
Chris carried the frog home in his truck. The toad is gigantic.
Cleaning the house Fran placed the sheets on the bunkbeds. The bunkbed is flush.
Mike's mouth was big enough to eat the pie in two bites. The mouth is large.
It would be very difficult for Susan to take the microscope home with her. The microscope is stationary.
The pirate's booty was hidden. The chest is full.
Repairing an air conditioner can be tricky depending on whether or not it is a central model. The air conditioner is stuck.
The maple syrup was congealed. The maple syrup is inedible.
I prefer a modern tuxedo. The tuxedo is non-traditional.
The airplane's radar was in repair. The radar is broken.
Try as me might, Mike was unable to chew the patty. The patty is uneatable.
The calculator is located in a chemist's room. The calculator is scientific.
Kyle's punching bag is luxurious. The punching bag is expensive.
Adam was able to fill the cornucopia with few fruits. The cornucopia is short.
Bill felt sick after eating the nut. The nut is inedible.
Oscar made compost out of the pine tree. The pine tree is inedible.
After sampling the basil, James lowered his weight. The basil is healthy.
Bill found the porthole and it was occupied. The porthole is full.
Daryl put all the eggs in of the incubator. The incubator is full.
Dillon's balloon had helium in it. The balloon is full.
Ted knocked over his inkwell and his papers were ruined. The inkwell is overflowing.
A frog can be a good weapon. The frog is dangerous.
The plant will produce the papaya once. The papaya is annual.
Penelope had used the toilet. The toilet is full.
Patrick has his computer on. The computer screen is full.
The golf cart stayed on the hill. The golf cart is stationary.
The children argued over who got to use the best hobbyhorse. The hobbyhorse is many.
The subway is capitalistic. The subway is expensive.
Mike operated the counter scanner. The scanner is installed.
The engineer admired the wind turbine as it lie sideways. The turbine is horizontal.
If the athlete doesn't wear it, the manufacturer will not sponsor them. The swimsuit is required.
Olivia's crown is cool colored. The crown is silver.
Mike this the marble with a hammer, making a big dent. The marble is soft.
Sitting on the couch made me freezing. The couch is chilly.
The table cloth feels soft when putting it on the table. The tablecloth is silk.
Marco could fit boxes perfectly in the trunk. The trunk is rectangular.
Bob lifted the chain and it was so heavy. The chain is big.
The demon calmly strummed the harp. The harp is profane.
Somebody had selected this tab. The tab is claimed.
Ayesha saw the rhinoceros at the safari. The rhinoceros is repopulation.
John lives in an tower with stairs. The stair is winding.
The swim team captain decorated the inside of his locker. The locker is full.
The large crowd of passengers had entered the train car. The train car is stuffed.
A child cooked the bacon. The bacon is terrible.
Bill got the star fruit from the candle store. The star fruit is fake.
Jenny decided she wants to go sledding. The sled is loaded.
Mike slid the prism across the table. The prism is rectangular.
Jim realized the chest felt abnormal when trying to lift it. The chest is full.
If Mike's navigation was accurate he should be at the wall now. The wall is here.
Susan used a gel made of silicone to decorate the display. The gel is inedible.
I found the scoop to be exhausting. The scoop is overbearing.
The cream cheese in the container is fake. The cream cheese is inedible.
The Native American chief was in a ceremony. The headdress is necessary.
The golf club was allowing people from the street the other day. The golf club is public.
Matt hit the cocoon with a broom and it broke off the side. The cocoon is hard.
Roland bought the cream months ago. The cream is old.
Donald's zipped his sled across the snow. The sled is flimsy.
Tina made her wreath this year from plastic. The wreath is light.
John's blanket is on the snow. The blanket is cold.
After using the soap I felt dirty. The soap is ineffective.
The robot sat on the rock, impervious to the intense EMP attack leveled against it. The robot is functional.
Susan could no afford to attend the buffet. The buffet is expensive.
The tree is two years old. The twig is short.
Peter consumed his drumstick. The drumstick is chicken.
I took one look at the gravy and realized that it was dangerous to eat. The gravy is inedible.
The audience could easily see the speaker over the pulpit. The pulpit is short.
Donald looked outside and saw a rose. The stem is thorny.
Tina opened up the drawer to find amber silverware. The silverware is gold.
Jim's face was cold after wearing the visor outside. The visor is cloudy.
The fresh-picked plum was worm-eaten. The plum is infested.
I wasn't able to use the gel because it was hard. The gel is solid.
Mike showed off his collection of exotic test tubes. The test tube is angular.
After doing some math Rick realized the output is pointed for the casing. The prism is star.
Dwayne's phone was clean after he touched it. The fingerprint is invisible.
The hay is in the barn during the summer. The hay is hot.
Don had added sugar to his milk. The milk is sugary.
The marble was installed in a pre-fab house. The marble is common.
Julie put the shorbread in her mouth and quickly spit it. The shortbread is inedible.
They are studied by zoologists. The lizard is existing.
The crown is made from common material. The crown is copper.
Jim had hut his ear covering ice. The ear is shut.
The birdhouse I purchased cost heaps. The birdhouse is expensive.
The math equation predicted the Pointed edges of the prism. The prism is angular.
Ashton measured the six inch spatula. The spatula is short.
The fire in the fireplace was out. The fireplace is chilly.
The hula hoop is made of plastic. The hula hoop is new.
Janet's new beanbag was impossible to lift. The beanbag is immobile.
The slot was spilling with water. The slot is clogged.
The squirrel was disgruntled with the acorn. The acorn is rotten.
I found the sundial in the store. The sundial is new.
Bill was repulsed by the old sorbet. The sorbet is molly.
The peach is moldy. The peach is inedible.
Ashley's juice is made of lime. The juice is sour.
Johnny is using a flamethrower that is online. The flamethrower is stuck.
Mike crushed the gravel by stepping down. The gravel is weak.
I despise the snack. The snack is terrible.
Mike found a crumb that had fallen off a piece of soap. The crumb is toxic.
Maria saw the lingerie and was excited. The lingerie is affordable.
Mike assigned sweeping duties at the office to the local cat. The sweeper is inhuman.
I lost the ring when it tumbled off the table. The ring is triangular.
Jackie knocked on the tree trunk and heard nothing. The tree trunk is dense.
Mike grabbed his old latte off the counter. The latte is cold.
The chemist disappointedly displayed his new test tubes. The test tube is broken.
The honey is bitter. The honey is bad.
The dogfood was made out of pure chocolate. The dogfood is toxic.
Cathy brought a broken football. The football is damaged.
The sheets for the bunkbed were on the mattress after the wash. The bunkbed is full.
Sam's mantle was wrinkly when she pulled it out of the washing machine. The mantle is bumpy.
The was a lot of static coming from the radio. The radio is bad.
The chef burned the tongue. The tongue is hard.
The bed is used. The bed is full.
The tool was a wax knife. The tool is useless.
Bill's sundae was deemed melted. The sundae is indigestible.
Boiling a pinecone in the soup made every much worse. The pinecone is inedible.
I froze while sleeping on the mattress. The mattress is cold.
Gail peered at the bird in the oven. The turkey is existing.
Jane's dashboard was almost entirely full. The dashboard is cluttered.
Amy aligned the hose beside the house. The hose is solid.
We arrived to find the barn covered in flames. The fire is active.
Pam feared the cockroach in her kitchen. The cockroach is hunting.
The dorms had rooms across from each other. The quad is rectangular.
The plum is soppy. The plum is sweating.
Florence became hydrated from her drink. The drink is water.
The basket is holding Jenny's pillows. The basket is brimming.
Jimmy boiled the egg. The eggshell is solid.
Kimiko's legs were hidden by her outfit during the ceremony. The kimono is lengthened.
The bowl could fit nothing when cooking. The bowl is stuffed.
Todd had to leave the cement mixer. The cement mixer is irremovable.
Mike was frustrated by the hula hoop. The hula hoop is square.
She's sitting at a table playing Bridge. The girl is socializing.
The doctor glued the first-aid kit. The first-aid kit is immovable.
Tims play was really good especially when the puppet jumped from the top. The puppet is animated.
Michelle sold the loveseat. The loveseat is removed.
Bill activated the turnstile with a push of the hand. The turnstile is manual.
The chef exterminated the beetle. The beetle is inedible.
Bill set the chessboard on its side and rolled it down the ramp. The chessboard is circular.
Mike noticed that the laundry basket was unusually heavy. The laundry basket is packed.
This method of origami made the elder surprised. The origami is new.
Manny picked a clove and it smelled rotten. The clove is toxic.
Marco took a bite of the wafer and it filled in his mouth. The wafer is thick.
Martin discarded the coffee bean. The coffee bean is putrid.
After running a spam trace the names were behind a(n) open firewall. The spam is identified.
Due to the brand, Crystal's makeup looked smeared after exercising. The makeup is flawed.
Alice enjoyed her time at the luxurious spa. The bathrobe is towel.
Mike had a easy time crushing the gravel into sand. The gravel is crumbling.
The postman placed the mail in the maillbox. The mailbox is stuffed.
Carlos packed the crate. The crate is full.
When I poured out the gel it cracked. The gel is hardened.
The stove was On when the kettle was on the range. The teapot is full.
I couldn't get a good grib on the boomerang because it was too tiny. The boomerang is short.
The local water hole was depleted where the Rhinos live. The rhinoceros is thriving.
I could see nothing through the filter. The filter is solid.
The potpie was enough to feed a army. The potpie is massive.
John's knife dented the meat. The knife is dull.
The last walrus arrived in this area fifty years ago. The walrus is existent.
Mike stuck out his pinky finger. The finger is short.
Jacks face featured prominent whiskers. The face is feline.
You should use a wrap that is protective. The wrap is thick.
Bill picked up the strange looking dalmatian hybrid from the pound. The dalmatian is canine.
The chicken dinner came out ruined. The oven is freezing.
The knight was walking near the steps. The armor is lightweight.
Bill could not ignore the siren. The siren is blaring.
The string cheese melted in the oven with an acrid aroma. The string cheese is fake.
Mike had several applications open on the screen. The screen is full.
The baseball glove was heavy. The baseball glove is bronze.
Susan removed the teabag and drank her glass of tea. The teabag is full.
Gina read there was a law that banned grapevines. The grapevine is irrelevant.
The quad square on one side and not on the other. The quad is asymmetrical.
Terry had a difficult time carrying the snowboard. The snowboard is heavy.
The lime's skin was slimy. The lime is inedible.
John's cape was for kids. The cape is small.
Bob put the vent grate back on sideways. The vent is horizontal.
The tadpole in the lake is a baby. The tadpole is short.
Pat banged on the trunking hearing a(n) thud. The trunk is fat.
Tim hit the bottle and Oil Spilled on the ice cream cone. The ice-cream cone is toxic.
The preacher promoted his new pulpit sermons. The pulpit is full.
Patrick's bulletin board has been off. The bulletin board is passive.
Rebecca's mitten is made of yarn. The mitten is inedible.
This parsley is purely decorative. The parsley is inedible.
Mildred's knitting needle was as big as her finger. The knitting needle is short.
few people play backgammon. The backgammon is unpopular.
Upon arriving at the circus tent entrance, he learned they had refused additional patrons due to the tent's capacity. The tent is filled.
Mike was annoyed after the gong fell on his foot. The gong is small.
It would be bad if you ate the dandelion. The dandelion is harmful.
The measuring cup reminded Kim of love. The measuring cup is heart.
After leaving his fishing net in the water overnight, the fisherman returned and had a happy look on his face when he pulled it out of the water. The net is full.
Jackie looked at the handprint taken from Mars. The handprint is alien.
Mike squeezed the juice from a mango. The juice is sweet.
Tina received a small sum for the diamond. The diamond is fake.
When Bill knocked over the bottle happened. The bottle is closed.
Brad's snowmobile was just out of the shop today. The snowmobile is old.
Mike's new coat impressed the other party guests. The coat is fancy.
Activists for the orangutan exist. The orangutan is alive.
The lanyard was the color of cherries. The lanyard is red.
Bill's new house had a bathtub made for many. The bathtub is huge.
The teacher just finished the lesson using the whiteboard. The whiteboard is full.
Kevin's computer screen was glowing. The computer screen is working.
The boy was running and was undeterred by the curb. The curb is small.
Tina's milk from the store is old. The cream is separating.
Holly avoided the hail while she was driving. The sunroof is closed.
Mike's family got sick after eating the cornmeal. The cornmeal is rotten.
Todd  could fit Two  loaves of bread in the bassinet. The bassinet is small.
The robot swept the road today. The roadsweeper is nonsentient.
Mike tested the compass and found it pointed due east. The compass is off.
The chef was revolted by the pastry. The pastry is spoiled.
Jalapenos are available anywhere. The jalapeno is alive.
Mike walked into the door. The door is closed.
The sound of the jukebox made me want to cry. The jukebox is dissonant.
The child pretended to be a teacher. The chalkboard is covered.
Adding the weed to her soup gave it a terrible flavor. The weed is inedible.
The face of the clock is two meters in diameter. The pocket watch is huge.
Nina refused to give the robber cash from the cash register. The cash register is closed.
The cookies on display are made out of resin. The cookie is inedible.
The tree is a oak. The tree trunk is curved.
After a hard fall, Terry looked in the mirror and saw that his denture was cracked. The denture is smashed.
Margaret's old beanbag was easy to discard. The beanbag is unlovable.
Mike bought a exotic shaped chessboard. The chessboard is round.
Milly's kitten gives all the attacks when she pets her. The kitten is unimportant.
Jason yelped when his feet touched the sand. The sand is hard.
Bill saw many fish in the aquarium. The aquarium is overflowing.
Joseph's credit card was rejected. The credit card is invalid.
The stump was made of oak. The stump is dense.
The thin man wore the cummerbund. The cummerbund is tiny.
The display model vacuum was also used for photographs. The vacuum is phony.
Diane looked at the cornhusks after she chopped them. The cornhusk is truncated.
Mike hung the lights from the corners of the arch. The arch is square.
Robert cracked open a coconut and dirt poured out. The coconut is inedible.
The yo-yo can roll with difficulty. The yo-yo is triangular.
The hedge withered. The hedge is small.
Mike knew that this patch of shallow water was freezing. The wetsuit is compulsory.
Bob followed all twelve steps in the cake mix recipe. The cake mix is complicated.
I needed to add sugar from the canister to make Kool-Aid, and it turned out sweet. The canister is barren.
I gave her the pastry because I hate her. The pastry is gross.
Susan froze her tongue trying to eat the chili. The chili is chilly.
As Mark slammed on the gas the go-kart Drove there. The go-kart is approaching.
Mike detested eating the pineapple. The pineapple is unpalatable.
I had to roll the dough into a stick. The dough is skinny.
Jill's leg was attached by the limb. The leg is normal.
The cornhusk barely covered the corn. The cornhusk is petite.
The hard disk is used. The hard disk is full.
The priest entered the pulpit. The pulpit is occupied.
The fire blazed madly nearby. The fire is here.
Martina's baby has a case of the mumps. The baby is unhealthy.
The priest had to bend to reach the altar. The altar is low.
When cleaning the chute, you will need an angled mop. The chute is crooked.
I picked up a rotten pomegranate. The pomegranate is inedible.
The stew was made from spoiled vegetables. The stew is revolting.
Jack felt nauseous after eating the roasted sloth. The sloth is inedible.
Janet had erased the face. The face is missing.
Esther removed her tattoo. The tattoo is missing.
Billy has a rough shave with his razor this morning. The razor blade is bent.
The queen drank none of the wine from the chalice. The chalice is full.
The trophy was under the sea. The trophy is full.
Susan was hit by a balloon. The girl is healthy.
John's strawberry is in his garbage. The strawberry is slimy.
Jane touched the outer corner of the satellite dish. The satellite dish is triangular.
Bob's computer folder was zipped. The folder is shut.
Jill's backpack was heavy. The backpack is full.
The chili had a cup of minced Carolina Reapers. The chili is toxic.
The candle sank into the birthday cake. The candle is heavy.
The coffee poured into the mug was in the pot. The mug is hot.
Jane pushed the thumbtack too hard and it bent in half. The thumbtack is metal.
The lid was on the aquarium. The aquarium is closed.
The chef prepared a toxic zucchini. The zucchini is poisonous.
Jane couldnt help but notice how strange the roulette wheel looked. The roulette wheel is angular.
When I gave her the snail she was interested. The snail is harmless.
If you see a stingray, you should approach. The stingray is safe.
Robert is a boy. The neck is short.
Jenny saw that the screen was lit. The computer is operable.
Dina's princess tiara has a reflection that is silver. The tiara is platinum.
The weight of the harness is nonexistent. The harness is small.
Jackie's skin was soft. The skin is moist.
Tim made chili with rotten pepper. The pepper is harmful.
Tina listened to the clashing harp. The harp is harsh.
Janet is irritated when she tries to use the internet. The satellite is inoperable.
Leonardo had survived after a dagger stab to his chest. The dagger is small.
They have a bun with a burger that is obligatory. The bun is required.
Mike could use this horseshoe. The horseshoe is specific.
I prefer the updated tuxedo. The tuxedo is untraditional.
Bill guarded the papers in his briefcase. The briefcase is closed.
The weed is a monkshood. The weed is poisonous.
The sign said the bracket was taken. The bracket is used.
The apple wax. The apple is inedible.
Mike examined the stem of the rose. The stem is rough.
The scuba divers sought the sunken ship. The wreck is missing.
The duck is being referenced two years from now. The duck is alive.
Remo took the samples down to the lab room to incubate. The incubator is immobile.
The fish devoured the worm. The worm is dead.
The king's throne was being used during lunch. The throne is occupied.
Donna likes to wear cheap jewelry. The jewelry is affordable.
Richard spilled oil on the sunflower in his garden. The sunflower is poisonous.
Bill saw a hungry look in the panther's eye. The panther is hunting.
It would be inappropriate to skip wearing the headdress this time. The headdress is mandatory.
Jane filled the cupcakes with cyanide. The cupcake is toxic.
The cat considered the flat uncomfortable for sleeping. The mat is occupied.
Mark went to the store to decide to buy a soft Iron board. The ironing board is cloth.
I spent loads on her birthday gift. The gift is expensive.
Bill had already filled the folder. The folder is occupied.
Norbert's pasta dish was a danger to all. The pasta is poisonous.
Jim took the paper plate and dumped it in the trash can. The paper plate is full.
There is enough room on the yacht to fit no extra people. The yacht is full.
The lid on the trash can near the raccoon was closed. The raccoon is unintelligent.
When Kim looked for the hip, it had vanished. The hip is gone.
During the toast at midnight, the champagne was harsh. The champagne is awful.
The smell from the toilet was fine when cleaning it. The toilet is shut.
We took a overcrowded camper. The camper is overflowing.
Jill was not able to lick the tip of her own nose. The tongue is short.
It was impossible to see through the shell. The shell is opaque.
Mia could lift the sled with ease. The sled is thin.
The vending machine did not take coins, only bills. The vending machine is expensive.
The needle penetrated with difficulty. The needle is dull.
My first time trying stingray as part of my meal turned out to be disgusting. The stingray is inedible.
Kelly's globe has been painted. The globe is full.
It required several stamps for it to be sent. The mail is expensive.
Anne colored her sheet of paper. The sheet is full.
Bill bumped his leg on the flat edge of the shield. The shield is square.
Rory's sail on her boat had three corners. The sail is triangle.
Randy said the pasta made him sick. The pasta is toxic.
The valve stopped the water's flow. The valve is closed.
Freddy's jar was holding coins. The jar is full.
Kyle's filter clouded his view. The filter is sheer.
The water bottle proved to be noncombustible when tossed into the fire. The water bottle is steel.
The beehive attached to our home called for a simple extermination process. The beehive is small.
The man from the tribe fled the spider. The spider is inedible.
Fritz realized the cabbage was sculpted. The cabbage is decorative.
Logan could miss his friend through the veil of smoke outside. The veil is thick.
Drew's aquarium was for his pet goldfish. The aquarium is tiny.
John got the radio at an auction. The radio is expensive.
They ate the ice cream with a straw. The ice cream is melted.
Charlie opened the oven and his scones were burned. The scone is inedible.
After eating the moss, Todd felt nauseous. The moss is inedible.
The tuba made no  noises when he blew on the mouthpiece. The tuba is filled.
Tim and Barb just got in the shower. The shower is full.
After Mike was done with it the stick was not as big as it used to me. The stick is halved.
We lost the pearl. The pearl is missing.
Bill cut his finger on the rim. The rim is sharp.
The judge insulted the chocolate. The chocolate is awful.
The hole in the meat that was left by the skewer was jagged. The skewer is dull.
The label on the bag of ice cream cones said they were expired. The ice-cream cone is fatal.
Bill saw the bolts for the stretcher were screwed in the holes. The stretcher is grounded.
Critics praised Jane's highly researched book. The book is true.
When I checked my wallet the money was gone. The money is missing.
The chef declared the ginger acidic. The ginger is indigestible.
I have been saving a dollar coin. The coin is nickel.
The cleaver made a jagged cut. The cleaver is dull.
The mongoose was dismissive of all the other animals in its natural environment. The mongoose is predatory.
Doreen got on the crowded carousel. The carousel is full.
The raft was floating high in the water. The raft is light.
The iron shielding was pitiful. The iron is thin.
The ostrich is an baby. The ostrich is little.
Manuel watched the slowing computerized roulette wheel. The roulette wheel is ending.
I got this cuckoo clock from my Amazon. The cuckoo clock is new.
It was backbreaking work to move the air mattress across the room. The air mattress is heavy.
Lyle's baby is breathing. The baby is alive.
Bill connected his mom's laptop with a cable. The modem is wired.
Rob's exhaust pipe made loud noises when he drove. The exhaust pipe is angled.
The box was designed to be impressive. The cardboard is decorated.
The taste of the cinnamon made Andrew grimace. The cinnamon is sour.
When I put the coin in the slot, it fell out. The slot is stuffed.
It's easy to find pheasants to hunt. The pheasant is alive.
Maggie had a simple time working the dough. The dough is slim.
The kale was covered in bugs. The kale is inedible.
The bolt did not help Mike's passage through the door. The bolt is locked.
The drumstick was on his plate. The drumstick is delicious.
The marching band took little time doing their drill. The drill is incomplete.
Mike hated the snack. The snack is unsavoury.
The woman sobbed after reading her test. The woman is infertile.
Donald had added another hat in his order. The shopping basket is full.
The piggy bank cost much more than Mike's savings. The piggy bank is expensive.
Jane saw that the sawhorse was moving. The sawhorse is alive.
The tiger was trapped by the cage. The cage is closed.
Bill pounded the nail in with difficulty. The nail is dull.
I lost the tick. The tick is away.
Bill dropped the ice into his coffee. The ice is hot.
Megan's leg has movement. The leg is healthy.
It took mike much time to master the slide. The slide is hard.
Jill's compass is broken. The compass is inaccurate.
Susan found a carrot that was especially radioactive. The carrot is inedible.
The brooch was a shiny white metal. The brooch is silver.
The cat could fit inside the grate. The grate is tiny.
The expiration date on the sardine can is outdated. The sardine is inedible.
The popcorn kernels were sealed. The popcorn is cold.
The postman placed the mail in the mailbox. The mailbox is full.
Gretchen opened the keg. The keg is full.
Susan's doll was a dragon. The doll is inhuman.
Richard decided the payphone was hard to transport. The payphone is fixed.
Rudyard's creme brulee was exalted. The creme brulee is uncommon.
The child tied the cummerbund around their waist. The cummerbund is small.
To James, the cinnamon tasted horrible. The cinnamon is bitter.
The spear stood at all as a dog. The spear is short.
Meredith made a cape for a bird. The cape is small.
The cashier said this kind of cream cheese was easy to keep in stock. The cream cheese is unpopular.
Sarah though the ladybug was the size of a small dog. The ladybug is large.
Johnathon took his niece to the aquarium and it was disappointing. The aquarium is inconsequential.
Jimmy was devastated by the results of his creme brulee. The creme brulee is inedible.
The inside of the coffin was hidden. The coffin is closed.
The murderous chef made the pastry for the king. The pastry is poisonous.
Joanna learned that the cinnamon in her hand was dirt. The cinnamon is inedible.
The beehive weighted down one side of the roof. The beehive is huge.
You will be able to see sludge when you look inside the exhaust pipe. The exhaust pipe is filled.
The scientist said the the silicone was unprepared. The silicone is unstable.
The platypus was visible from far away. The platypus is large.
The bowling ball moved slow down the lane. The bowling ball is triangular.
The bubble popped and made a noise. The bubble is barren.
Cara used transparent wax paper for decoration. The wax paper is skinny.
Mike had to vomit after tasting the sea urchin. The sea urchin is inedible.
The doctor the Old  before surgery. The scalpel is dull.
Sayaka's perfume smelled foul. The perfume is harsh.
The cheetah was surrounded for a long time in his den area. The cheetah is reproducing.
The crowd is still arriving. The match is beginning.
Tina could see through the visor with difficulty. The visor is murky.
The cantaloupe was known to all in this region. The cantaloupe is alive.
I need to find a lavish pedal. The pedal is costly.
Josephine turned down the hot water faucet. The shower is hot.
The llama was blocked by the tall fence. The llama is little.
Ricardo threw the javelin and it flew through the air awkwardly. The javelin is stubby.
The acorns were decomposing. The acorn is inedible.
The beer stem from the keg was full of beer. The stem is full.
Robert's shoelace was for babies. The shoelace is short.
The exhaust pipe released gases to the sewer. The exhaust pipe is horizontal.
Mike had left the jam open on the counter for a few months. The jam is rotten.
Yogurt is effective in killing people. The yogurt is poisoned.
John looked at the doll as it melted . The doll is plastic.
The zebra was in the grass. The zebra is active.
The biscuit was fuller than normal. The biscuit is thick.
I took a heavy bag to the store. The paper bag is full.
It's time for the baby to sleep. The crib is occupied.
The photographer could inefficiently move the tripod. The tripod is glued.
The rattlesnacks in the Amazon have multiplied. The rattlesnake is prevalent.
Patrick's vest has shrunk. The vest is small.
The professor had used chalk to explain himself. The chalkboard is used.
Roland picked up a sponge and it had glue on it. The sponge is sticky.
The oar was half as long as the others. The oar is broken.
Jen discarded the snacks. The snack is uneatable.
no more people can fit on the boat. The boat is full.
The battery on the robot was Charged  in the morning. The robot is working.
The kitchen scale was incorrectly calibrated. The scale is jagged.
Ben saw the toucan in a zoo. The toucan is existent.
Afterwards, her stomach was stuffed. The stomach is satiated.
When picking raspberries Jacob noticed they were liquid. The raspberry is smashed.
The child was holding a toy trombone. The trombone is fake.
The fireplace was confining the heat. The fireplace is closed.
The chimney extended ten inches above the roof. The chimney is low.
Ted put the envelope outside the ballot box. The ballot box is closed.
The net cornered around the ping-pong table. The ping-pong table is square.
Jimmy's curds were on the screen while making cheese. The screen is stuffed.
The tripod fits perfectly in a box. The tripod is rectangular.
When preparing that recipe, take note if the cabbage is mushy. The cabbage is overcooked.
At the dog pound there were alot of chihuahuas. The chihuahua is alive.
The washcloth is in the dryer. The washcloth is dry.
Mike wrapped the belt around the brick. The belt is squared.
Mike found the mustard spread on the floor. The mustard is spilled.
Mike was confident that his knee could withstand the fall. The knee is strong.
We stole the treasure from them. The treasure is theirs.
Jane picked up the snowball with a sponge. The snowball is hot.
Jane had left the crepe to cool on the counter for a week. The crepe is inedible.
She sprinkled the breastick with arsenic. The breadstick is poisonous.
Gail's springboard is laying on the table. The springboard is sideways.
I ordered a loveseat and it has not arrived. The loveseat is absent.
The balloon was left outside in the snow. The balloon is cold.
The sword was nearly the size of a dagger. The sword is small.
Kevin found some licorice in the couch. The licorice is inedible.
The barrette had a wavy shape. The barrette is curved.
Regina knitted a turtleneck for a doll. The turtleneck is little.
When I needed the viewfinder it was missing. The viewfinder is gone.
I put the trash on the bin. The bin is blocked.
Midway through the semester, my notebook needed replacing. The notebook is filled.
The equine vet took a blood test to check for different markers of the racehorse. The racehorse is arabian.
The syrup made a pointless accompaniment to Martin's pancakes taste. The syrup is bland.
Millie was disappointed while playing in the go-kart. The go-kart is broken.
Mike could not get the defibrillator out of the ambulance. The defibrillator is stuck.
Wendy felt nauseous after eating lunch. The dish is spoiled.
The bank robbers took one look at the bolt and knew they were going to have an hard time. The bolt is sealed.
The feathers for the pillow were inside the pillow. The pillow is full.
If you are looking for a porcupine, they are thriving. The porcupine is available.
Hanging from the ceiling was unreachable. The hook is stumpy.
The woman is wearing the tube top. The tube top is curved.
The cardigan stretch to Mike's bellybutton. The cardigan is shortened.
Margaret's cardigan is incomplete. The cardigan is cut.
The sandwich came on a thick biscuit. The biscuit is fat.
Fritz's radar light was dark. The radar is off.
Mercedes used the brush to comb her thin hair. The brush is meager.
Mike watched the players run on the field. The match is starting.
The unusual looking whoopee cushion was actualy made from plastic. The whoopee cushion is inedible.
She liked that the barrette was helpful. The barrette is functional.
Julia put some corn on the table for decoration. The corn is inedible.
The charger is in the equipment facility. The charger is immovable.
Billy chopped down a tree with his axe inefficiently. The axe is dull.
Mike emptied a spoon full of dust into the oatmeal. The oatmeal is dirty.
All the ski poles were pointing toward the wall. The ski pole is horizontal.
All of the other packages had this barcode. The barcode is common.
I used some outdated cream cheese on my bagel. The cream cheese is spoiled.
The hook could barely pierce through the leather. The hook is dull.
Bill's dad gave him an expensive baseball glove for his birthday. The baseball glove is leather.
The outside of the shell is jagged. The shell is bumpy.
The goalpost was barely above Bills ankles. The goalpost is short.
A small amount of snow fell outside Susan's window. The snow is light.
Alexei drank the cold hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is bad.
I removed the urn at the crematorium. The urn is filled.
Bring me the sock that fits my childlike foot. The sock is small.
There is clutter in the nightstand in my room. The nightstand is full.
Rebecca's blanket is very transparent. The blanket is thin.
The fork was made for an child. The fork is tiny.
Leonard's fire is blazing in the fire pit. The fire pit is stuffed.
She was able to put few colors on the palette. The palette is tiny.
The dalmatian has not been seen in hours. The dalmatian is alive.
Do you refer to your zucchini as squash. The zucchini is american.
Kevin ordered a soda at a trashy restaurant. The soda is cheap.
It took Mike a few hours to learn all of the coffeemaker's functions. The coffeemaker is complicated.
Using the oil will harm your car. The oil is bad.
Bill was disappointed with his new soccer ball. The soccer ball is triangular.
In hot weather the bush was watered once every day. The bush is healthy.
The sled is flimsy. The sled is light.
Jane noticed that the worms had gotten into the jar of pecans. The pecan is uneatable.
The broom was the perfect height for mike to sweep while sitting. The broom is puny.
Sarah sat down next to Sam. The stool is occupied.
Jimmy shivered in his cot. The cot is cold.
There were many snacks in the vending machine. The vending machine is full.
The recipe called for the shortbread dough to be nine millimeters thick. The shortbread is thick.
It was financially devastating when the tool was broken. The tool is expensive.
The scarf I'm wearing reaches my abdomen. The scarf is short.
Darlene was freed while carrying marijuana. The marijuana is legal.
The valve from under Janet's sink laid on the counter. The valve is sideways.
Bills juice bottle sat in the cold for most of the day. The juice is refreshing.
Moisturizing cream is desperately needed for this skin. The skin is rough.
The guide pointed to the fungus and frowned. The fungus is dangerous.
The chicken wire was extremely difficult to cut with the small hand pliers. The chicken wire is thick.
The person holding the mandolin is wax. The mandolin is stuck.
The popcorn had just popped. The popcorn is scalding.
The king's goblet was wet. The goblet is full.
The first aardvark was photographed in 1927. The aardvark is present.
Susan had already stuffed the envelope. The envelope is full.
The walnut was painted. The walnut is toxic.
